Every figure updates making me real afraid. Can you see it? Luck ain't even in it, this is just a bunch of heavy lifting. So look, it's a Wednesday running back. There's a W in the check. The cat that spit it back got the cat that called you on the mat. There ain't no PVP preaching PVP. If you want COC, you better show you mean it. Stay in culture, let's make some more. Cat that's calling, so you call her all up. Addie's the lady, Paula be the lady. Killian may also know. ♪♪ ♪♪ Updates making peace, roof break can you see it? Luck ain't even in it, this is just a bunch of heavy lifting So look it's a Wednesday running back, there's a W in the check And cat death spit it back, got the Catholic culture on the map There ain't no PVP, we're preaching PVP, you won't see, you'll see I'm on TV every week, I've been saying that it's heat Every call I be getting geeked, I'm in thrall for every speaker So you call it all up. Daddy's the lady. Pull up, he's the lady. Kill him, he also know. ♪♪ ♪♪ Hello, hello, hello. Welcome, everybody. Let me bring up my co-host immediately right here. - Hey, hey, hey, how's everyone? - Look at that, Sion's got the professional mic as well. Do we have the same little agata? - Yeah, we do, that's good stuff. - That's why we are both co-hosts right now. Same setup, same everything. - Great minds think alike, folks. That is a fact. Welcome everybody. Sion getting a nice haircut compliment already in the chat. - Yeah, just for this. I actually got it, what, three hours ago? Just for the call today. Gotta look his best for the planetary call faithful. That is a fact. And love you too, Vinny. I see you. Without any further ado, we got a bunch to cover today, including some fun and new product stuff. The first ever look at the new 8.pro and much, much more. So let's just get right into it, shall we? Welcome. This is the planetary call by Jupiter. Uplink, it is October 16th, 2024. Yeah, that's the right look in Ziyang's eyes. What? I mean, like this year, this year has to be crazy. You know, the token launch, like then the product launch, like, you know, like crazy, crazy year. And we still have like three months to go, my friend. So we will see. I'm pretty sure we'll get a lot more insane and crazier. Oh boy. I don't know. Chat, are you ready for this? I don't know if the chat is even ready for this. I just see people saying when Lambo in the chat. That is, it's going to be a jet. But before we go any further, we got to play the official Jupiter International Space. I got a girl, she's a bad boy, she's my love, don't need her to try, she's my love, I got a boy, she's a bad boy, she's my love, I got a girl, she's a bad boy, she's my love, don't need her to try, she's my love, I got a boy God, that gets me so amped up every single goddamn time. It's too good. We have a great call for you today in case it is your first time here on the planetary call. Welcome. My name is Cash Donda. I lead the uplink working group that produces this call, the YouTube channel, the best goddamn Twitter page in the entire Jupaverse and much, much more. And my co-founder of Jupiter is here with me. But more importantly, the co-host of the planetary call this week, Siang is in the building. Drop a little JM in the chat if you are getting amped and ready for this one. Hello, hello. That's right. All right, there we go. So what are we going to get into today? Well, I'll tell you what we're not getting into is token price. What we are instead going to get into are the people, the products, the partners that make the Jupyterverse so great. This is the 31st time that we're doing this. And if there's one thing I've learned in this call is that the chat is the secret to it. I love how fucking active... I should try not to swear. I love how active everybody is over here. JM's from around the world. We see everything that you're saying. We don't even have time to put it all up on screen. Eagle-eyed viewers will notice. The biggest innovation on the planetary call since we started this thing, actually. Sian, did you notice the difference? Oh, sorry. I was just looking at the comments. I was too attached to the comments right now. Well, the comments are related to it. Eagle-eyed viewers will notice Min Xiang on the other side of the screen. It took us 30 times to realize that the comments were covering up our videos while we were talking. So now with this view... Oh, yes, yes, yes. Okay, yeah, before that. Actually, now we're on the other side, yes. That's right. So shout out to innovation. That's what Jupyter is all about. That's what... That's very cool. It's all about- I mean, it's all the small little things that matters, right? That's how we improve. That's right. Iterating our way to greatness over here. And now we have gotten pretty close. Cash, I like when you say no swearing. I got bad fucking news for you, Rockies. I cannot hold my end of the bargain on that one. No promises on that. I'll try my best, but we'll see. All right. In case you don't know, I've talked about the Jupyterverse a few times. The Jupyterverse is really three things. It is three pillars that kind of pull everything together. First, there's Jupyter, the platform, simple tagline, aggregate everything. Then we have Joop, the token, and the tagline there is also simple. There is no cap. We're going to mean this into existence, folks. I need to see this more on Twitter. I need to see this in the comments. I need to see this on YouTube. There is no cap. Everything to like trading everything, you know, like swapping everything, like buying everything. I mean, we are not more than aggregation right now. You know, we have the Pubs platform. We have like the mobile app. We have like, you know, like, yeah. Trading everything. I like trading everything. Trading everything is not bad. All right. Well, we're going to take that back into the brand cookery and we'll see. But I see that there is no cap is catching on. That's what we like to see. There is no cap, folks. The token is a way of seeing community sentiment. This one is a good back line. We should keep this one. That's a good one. There's no cap because this whole token is really just the sum collective of energy and attention that we have. And there is no cap on how much energy and attention we can have, which is good stuff. And then finally, there's the JUP, which is the community. That's all the people that make Jupyter great. And this is where we say J4J, J4J. Jupiter for Jupiter, Jupe for Jupe, people putting Jupe in the hands of people that are contributing back. And everyone you're going to hear from on this call is contributing in some way to the Jupeverse. Wow. A lot of contributions to the Jupeverse lately. As you can see, the agenda is possibly the longest one we've ever had. We'll see. What's the over-under, Seong? How long do you think we're going to be here for? I think, I think, I think what, I think we're going to do just fine, you know, like one, one, like one hour, hopefully one and a half, you know, one, one hour, 10 minutes. Okay. That's the line. We'll try to get it out. We'll see. We'll see to what degree that it works. I saw someone in that chat ask if Alex is going to be here. Uh, Alex will not be here, but Soju will be talking a little bit about the Debridge launch, ASR timelines, and how all that's going to work. If you have any questions, you can save it for Soju, and hopefully we can answer some of them at least, but let's find out. Tony, that's crypto. Three hours is the prediction. Wilson asking, where is Meow? Meow is in America right now, so he's off... writing, hopefully, Meow, if you're watching this, I hope you're writing that essay that we have been promised. You are the lead on that essay, my guy. So hopefully... I mean, he said he's going to do another call, like what, for all the essay and whatnot. And actually, he's working on something big as well in the US. Hopefully, we can share soon. Yeah. Oh, a little teaser over there. Shout out to dscvr.one, the social network on Salada. Bullish on handsome founders. This is the kind of comment I love to see. This is all good stuff. I think I like it more-- some of these comments are actually too funny. All right, we're going to keep moving on because I can't get into all of these comments. I don't know if you saw the one that I just saw that I thought was funny. YONGJIN PARK: He was actually in Utah, I think, like two days ago. Yeah. Maybe or some kind of thing. I don't know exactly. Things all over. It's hard to keep track of me out. Anyway, it's also hard to keep track of all the good stuff that's happening in the Jupyterverse. That's why we bring you this call every week. We have wins of the week. We're going to talk a little bit about the reaction to Jupyter Mobile, which has come through. Spoiler alert, people love it. Even though it still has a long way to go, people already love it, which is great. Then we're going to do the first ever live demo of Ape.pro. I don't think this has been seen anywhere in public yet. Has it, Sian? I mean, I'm pretty sure maybe I have no idea. I think we tweeted up some screenshot and whatnot. I think now we're going to do the demo. I'm not sure how I'm going to do it because my computer is right here up above me. But let's do it. Let's try it out. We'll figure it out. It's a first ever. That's what I can tell you. I just popped up my wallet with five extra. So I think what we're going to do is tell us what to buy and we'll just buy. And then we'll see at the end of the call how those picks have done. So, you know, do you want to... NFA, NFA, non-financial otherwise. Of course, this is just a product demo. That's all we're doing. But if it's a trading product, it helps to trade a little bit. Then Soju, the lady killer, is going to be here. The Rizzlord himself talking about Debridge launch and ASR timelines, along with Jupyter Regional, which is a very exciting new effort that just got off the ground. Then we're going to talk to Omer from Edge and Chaos Labs, from Chaos Labs, who've been building Edge, which is going to help protect the Purpose product and got a bunch of cool innovations there. And then finally, we have the return of Cadet's Corner, which I'm also very excited about. I don't think Arcadid is on the call yet, so hopefully they come before the end of it here. Where ASR? In the middle of the call, my friend. In the middle of the call. We'll talk about that. So give us, you know, 20 to 30 minutes. We'll be talking about that here as well. Okay. With that said, let's get into the wins of the week as our very first one. Let's go into the first one is Jupiter Mobile is indeed popping right now. Big shout out to everyone that's been sharing feedback. I think what the coolest thing here about having such a vibrant community is all the people who are saying this is how it could actually be even better. And all the people who've been rating it on the App Store. As a reminder, we had that bounty last week as well. Big shout out to Ben Liu and the gang. Sian is going to show us it in just a little bit. But before he does, I have a little announcement, actually. First of its kind, I want to try doing this. We'll see if this works. I got no sense of what is actually going to happen here. We have a bounty for folks here. We're going to do a little Joop trading competition using Jupyter Mobile. So if anyone here is watching this, you are eligible to join. All you need to do, load up a fresh wallet on Jupyter Mobile with five soul, post a screenshot, and tag at Joop underscore uplink. Once you do, then you can trade your way to glory. And over the next two weeks, whoever is able to run it up the most wins. will then be eligible for prizes. So I think we'll have three prizes at least. Only run it up. If someone loses the books, will they get some consolation prize as well? Yeah. Consolation prize is that Kyung will write you a handwritten note saying how sorry he is. That's what he's promised to the United States. This is going to be very fun. Android users will soon stage a protest. Dave, we'll do this again on Android when we're live there. But right now, we want to try this out. I see this all the time on Twitter. All these trading contests are like one soul to 100 soul or five soul to 1,000 soul. We want to see people doing that with the screenshots of Juke Mobile because it looks so pretty. I can't do five soul to one soul. To point one soul. Shout out play Solana out here. Run it down is easy, running it up a little bit more complicated. But let's get these going. We will be checking on your wallet address to make sure you're not just like adding in extra funds or other kinds of nonsense over here. You can trade whatever you want. That's exactly right. The reward is in Joop, but you don't have to just trade Joop. You can trade anything that you would like to make this happen. Anything, anything. Biggest loser prize is going to be five soul. So that's going to be tough to see. Let's see what we can actually do. You can start with one soul as well. If you want to start with one soul, go for it. Totally fine. We'll take anything but five soul is the kind of standard starting one here. Five soul is crazy. We're not all whales. Fair enough. Start with one soul. We'll still include you in the competition if you run it up. We'll take it from there. uh, these are always going to prize you get undying love and affection, Wilson. That's all you get. Uh, anyway, so we'll see how that goes. There'll be a Twitter thread on jupe uplink as well. Uh, we'll retweet some of the best, uh, people as well for fun. Second one of the week here, D bird is LFG launch has officially kicked off the bootstrapping vault that Alex talked about last week now has $2.87 million in deposits ahead of the token launch. tomorrow at 8 a.m. UTC. It's going to be a very exciting one. This is the final LFG candidate that was approved through the DAO. It's going to be going up here. It'll be interesting to see how the token does. Certainly the product is quite good. We'll see what happens with the token. Of course, you should do your own research beforehand. Everything you need to know is on the dBridge website, including tokenomics and many other things. And it'll be live on Jupyter and on many centralized exchanges. We don't talk a lot about centralized exchanges here for good reason. But if you do use a centralized exchange, you can actually claim directly to your centralized exchange, which is a cool little innovation that they did here. Big shout out to Soju, Alex, and the rest of the dBridge team. I was playing with the website. It's actually quite like very well done. Yeah. The way the structure, the cleanliness and everything. Yeah. They did a nice job with it. I got to say, really trying to answer as many questions as they could. Obviously people still have questions. You should message it on Twitter, in their discord and elsewhere, or just wait about 20 minutes. Then you can yell at Soju. Cause I heard he has all the answers and you can just ask him. Next win here, vote.joop.ag got a facelift. There hasn't been a vote in a little bit. Hopefully that's going to get changed very soon. But for anyone, actually, let me just pull this up. Vote. I put in the wrong thing. Vote.joop.ag. Let's take a little look at this here real quick. Why talk about it when I can show it instead? Boom. There we go. Okay. This looks pretty. I don't know. This is just me. Let me get a W in the chat if you agree that we've kind of improved the aesthetics here. Oh, I'm showing my steak jupe, which is not my intention. I thought I was disconnected. So that's fine. But you can just see everything looks a little bit cleaner here. Everything looks nice and easy. Everything that you would want to see in one place. W's in the chat. That is for sure. And optimized for mobile as well. As my guy Wake is pointing out. Shout out to the Jupe & Juice podcast. Looks so good. Felt so pretty. Still can't see future ASR. That is true. But again, if you wait 20 or 30 minutes, Soju's going to talk to us about that as well. So shout out to the Jupyter team for shipping that. And then shout out to the core working group for shipping the JupyterDAO grants live on Superteam Earn. Earn.Superteam.fund.grants.jupyter-dao-grants. Go there now and start to apply any of your ideas up to $10,000 to just do shit that is cool for the Jupyter ecosystem. If you want a working group someday, this is the best first place to start. You can start by getting a small scale grant, possibly get a trial working group after that, possibly get a full working group, or you can just do cool stuff. And this is still the right place to be. We'll have some few ideas for you later in this call as well. That's what we call a teaser. And then another big win here. The Jupiter regional sub communities are brewing. Jupiter's already taken over the universe. It's now taking over the planet as well. Already, just in the last week, we have Jupiter, France, Jupiter, Indonesia, Jupiter, Arabic, and Jupiter en Español. which is pretty great to see. Looks so delicious, says somebody from the Indonesian community over here. Shout out, where does Indonesia rank on the usage of Joop? Isn't it like pretty high? It's pretty high. I think it's like top five. Top five, which is crazy when you think about it, actually. I mean, it's a pretty big country, but I was pretty surprised when I first learned about it. pretty huge community there. Like one day, one day I would love to like, you know, do some offline event there. That would be cool. I mean, it's only like what, two hours flight from here or three hours flight from here. Yeah. Maybe we should make this happen, actually. So regional sub-communities, if you start to blow things up and do some cool things, maybe we can arrange like Siong to come out there or Meow to come out there and Meow come out there. Have a very good time. Yeah, I see a lot of Indonesia love in the chat, which makes sense. Should I do Joop Namibia? The answer is yes, Tony. Yes, you should. And we're going to talk, if you want to do it, can we make a group for Brazil? Yes, you can. If you want to do Canada? Yeah. Nigeria? Yeah. Anyway in the world. anywhere in the world. If you want to learn more about how you can get your own local Jupyter community started, just give us 30 minutes and Soju will be up to talk about how that whole process works. Shout out to all the cadets for stepping up there. Taiwan, yes. Many more. India, yes. Yeah, it's easy. Actually, we should do a Taiwan meetup. I might be there next month. Maybe I can do a Taiwan meetup. That would be cool. perfect yeah i think you should just do a meetup everywhere you go basically yeah i mean i was trying to do i was in kyoto last week i was thinking to do something but like it was a little bit too last minute like yeah never mind next time then you did one in uh new zealand or something right where a bunch of people yeah i did one in new zealand that was pretty like yeah cool as well like we just like have a little call like a little like corner at the cafe like things like 25 people show up i was pretty surprised when it turned out it was pretty last minute as well but it was pretty cool yeah Nice. All right. Well, I see a lot of people saying other countries that I hopefully after this call, we're gonna have like 10 new of these 10 new ones here. That is the only one that I think we'll keep off the list for right now. Everything else is on the table. Shout out to the communities that have already stepped up and are doing some cool things here. In the last win of the week, or second to last win of the week, Uplink, which is this working group that produces this call, just crossed 5,000 followers on Twitter. Next stop is 10, so it's 5,000 in the first four and a half weeks, I think. Go follow Uplink on Twitter. great memes, recap threads, everything you need to know about different products and things that are happening across the Jupyterverse. If you were watching this call, I can guarantee you're going to like that Twitter page. It's going to become your favorite. Go and follow that. And I can see we just spammed that in the chat, which is great. And then one other thing, speaking of kind of IRL communities and someone talking about Canada in the chat, the Waterloo blockchain hosted the first Jupiter IRL activation where they gave out bubble tea along with buttery smooth swaps. So, you know, two for one, which is pretty cool. I just like seeing all of this like live in real life, these communities coming together. I think this is all massively cool to me, at least. All right. I think that's it. Any other wins that we missed here, Siong? Anything about anything cool? I'm not sure anything I can share right now, but yeah, I think, I think, I think, yeah, we'll have more. That's good for right now. Vinan is losing his mind right now. It's a busy week. I would say this week is a busy week. This week was a busy week. That is for sure. Shout out to the University of Waterloo and shout out to everybody else on the wind side. But with that said, we got business to attend to here, folks. We got to keep it moving right now. So let's get right into the product updates section of the call. So I'll let you take this forward. What have you thought of the response to Jupyter Mobile so far? i mean it's actually pretty cool you know it's actually cool to like see the whole community like getting very excited about it everyone's sharing about it i think the last week was like uh it's like you know it's like it'd be in a while that we like launched such a big product you know it's like an entirely new thing and uh it's uh it's very humbling as well you know seeing the feedback coming in like you know we learned we learned a ton obviously um yeah i would say like uh very cool it's very cool experiencing like uh you know Like, really appreciate, like I said, like, I really appreciate the community, like, super, getting super excited about it, super comfortable about it. And obviously getting a lot of feedbacks that, you know, getting the team a lot more, like, busy and a lot of things to improve on. Yeah. It does indeed seem that people like it. We're just sharing. I'm just putting all these up here. Any of these that you want to read out in particular, Sion? I mean, the one that's quite cool is I think I saw the first comment is by Tiger.eth. That's the best thing ever. Managing to convert someone. That's not a Solana user coming into the app. That's the ultimate goal of the mobile app, right? Is to convert someone from other chains to start trying out Solana. Yeah. That is true. That is a really nice one. Made Jupyter Mobile the ultimate trading companion. I think that's pretty sick. This is just like a nice, very detailed and thoughtful kind of response here. This is really a game changer for novice and seasoned traders. If you're into Solana, this app is a must-have. Five stars all the way. It's great. I got to say, love to see all of this. GD to everybody who's on Android. Yeah, I think one cool thing that, yeah, I mean, like, we actually had a long call today with Miao and everyone. I think we had like a three hours call. It's like a basically, like I would say, like it's after... how do i say it like uh you know after the launch like one week after like everyone just sit down together you know the android team the iphone team like just think about like how the process was like it's actually quite cool to see everyone feedback in the teams like yo how they think about it and stuff like that um yeah i think one thing that came out from the call was that you know um Obviously, there are a lot of things that we can push to make it better. But at the same time, there are also things that we think we can improve and make it better. How do I say it? There are things that we can make it better in the sense that we are very Solana-focused wallet. We know Solana in and out. What are the things that we can make it even, make the mobile app even better in the sense that, you know, user will feel the love that we do like for them. Yeah. I think, I think there are some, some cool things that we can do. Yeah, for sure. Speaking of love, there was a question here about when do we going to get perps, DCA, et cetera, on the mobile app? Yeah, soon, soon, soon. I think one thing that is very easy to do on this thing is we can put the crypto browser, the browser into it, then people can start using it. But at the same time, we are thinking about what other things that we can make the browser better. I think one thing that's very important is because if you open up the browser, you can start interacting with other websites as well. And we have to make sure that it's safe. We are basically talking to a few partners right now to see what are the things they can offer to make sure that every transaction they sign i mean the user science is um obviously there are a few like you know typical candidate partners that out there we are talking to that's one thing then the second thing is like uh signing usually can be quite slow and also simulation can be quite slow as well on on you know on the crypto browser so that's one thing that we hope that we can improve on So yeah, we're actually doing some native stuff. We're actually doing some custom Rust library within the iPhone app and also the Android app that can be used to make the signing a lot faster. So these are a few things that we're trying to improve on. Hopefully, people can appreciate the kind of effort that we put in. Nice. So people, if you like it now, if you've been at five stars already, you're going to have to break out the six stars very soon once the rest of this stuff gets done. Because indeed, this product is a week old. There's a lot of room for improvement, that's for sure. But it's great to see people already writing about it, already talking about ways that the feedback has been incorporated. Just love to see the community response. So thank you for everyone that gave that feedback and left reviews over here. The documentation for Jupyter on desktop is phenomenal. Is mobile integration docs in progress? - Yeah, actually even the documentation right now, I mean, like I know everyone loves it, but I probably shouldn't say it, but, Like, you know, my standard is there. Like, I think we are like halfway there. We can get even better. And that's actually one of the initiatives I'm working on right now to make the desktop documentation a lot better. And I feel like we can do, we can share quite a lot of use cases for people to integrate. And the mobile integrations, yeah, like, you know, I'm not sure what are the things that you want us to share. And we would love to like, you know, like put it in the documentation as well. Then people can start using it as well. Yeah. Very nice. Scarlet and I can't wait for governance stuff via the app, but I think more impactful on getting the app on every phone is off-ramping options as well. Are there plans for off-ramping options as well here? I don't think you shouldn't. I mean, I think the current on-ramp partner does offer the off-ramp solution as well. We can see what we can do to make it easy to off-ramp as well. Very cool. Actually, with that in mind, do you want to reveal what's next up on the roadmap? Yes. So based on the feedback that we are getting, obviously, the crypto browser is the number one that people have been asking for. Off-RAMP is actually quite up on the list as well. The third thing is notifications. We've been thinking about notifications on how we can improve it. We actually have some cool ideas that hopefully we can do with some partners and whatnot. um i think i can just share more a little bit like what we think about notifications one thing that uh we've been thinking about notification is that um other than you know like the typical jupiter like notification you know like someone send you like you know usdc or so or something like that that's the simple one we can do obviously but uh can we even make it better right one thing that we've been talking about doing the call just now is to see whether we want to make it easy for other Dapps, like other, for example, Camino or like Safe or like Drift, like any of these Solana Dapps to send you notification as well through the Jupyter app. I think there are some things that we can do there to make it even better notifications, like experience for the users. So we have Dapp Browser. And then notifications, not just for Jupyter, but you're saying notifications for any DeFi Dapp or any Dapp that you're using across Solana. In the chat, actually, of those three, which one would you be most excited for? Which one should be kind of prioritized here? Let's say Dapp browser, off-ramp, or notifications. Let's see what people have to say here. I don't think we know the exact number. When the app is coming to Android users, I think Ben said hopefully early November is kind of like the timetable for that, right? right now. Okay, people, the votes are in here. We have Dapp Browser, Dapp Browser, Dapp Browser, Dapp Browser, Dapp Browser. A few for OffRamp, a few for... I can't even keep up with all these fast enough. But it seems like the browser is the overwhelming winner. A little bit of love for notifications as well. But Dapp Browser, by far, is crushing it. All right. That's actually very cool to see. I don't know, I don't think I would have seen it as like the... I don't think I would have known that it would have been this popular or this much in demand. That's why we do this call. And so now, that's obviously something that we should be prioritizing-- or Jupyter should be prioritizing. I see Dr. and a few other folks are interested about notifications as well. But just browser just unlocks loads for the app too, says . I think that's probably right. YONGJIN PARK: Notification from every-- that might be too much. I mean, obviously, you are the one who decides what to opt in, what to opt out, for sure. Yeah. So to answer the hustler's question here, it would indeed be kind of like an opt-in. You decide the notifications, I think. Um, man, uh, We want to replace other fields. Dapp browser, and other people are saying all three would be nice to have, says Bliss and Danica as well. All three, yeah, we want to do that for sure. But, you know, it takes time. It takes time, yes. Yeah, but I think this feedback is helpful to kind of understand where people's head are at. And it seems pretty obvious that, okay, the Dapp browser is the thing that people are banging down the doors from, which is pretty good. When ASR, we're going to talk about this in about 15 minutes. Meow for crypto. What? Okay, Shirley is a doppelganger. Any link to download the mobile app, we'll put that into the chat. And then Dr. Brouillon says, do it all, yeah. That is right. One question was on notifications for specific tokens or coins we wish to set the price target for. Would that be included in the notification? Actually, there's one thing that I think we can do very good on. We build up all this infrastructure. We have the price API that's free for people to use. And it's actually very easy for us to monitor quite a lot of stuff as well. Very cool. All right. I think before all these, please Android version. Android is an entirely different code base, which is why it's taking a little bit longer to make happen. But building this out will not slow down Android. Don't worry, folks. It's coming. I promise it's coming. Anything else that we want to say about the mobile app here, Xian? SIAN LANGDON: Yes. And obviously, again, I have to repeat it again, ask your parents, ask your siblings, ask anyone to download it. And obviously, leaving a good review will be very helpful. I think it took us a while to get ranked on some of the keywords that we really want because obviously we really appreciate all the downloads. It helped boost the reputation of the mobile app a little bit. And now people can easily find it in the App Store, which is cool. That is right. Cool. Well, hopefully this gets better and better from here. We'll have updates regularly with new features coming out, or Jupyter will have updates regularly with new features coming out. But speaking of new things coming out, Should we talk about 8 Pro? Do people know about 8 Pro in the chat? Can you give me a little yes or no if you know what I'm talking about when I say 8 Pro? I can't remember how much it's been covered on this call before, besides some very vague allusions. So I've seen some yeses, all right, some good yeses, but also some noes. Interesting, interesting. I mean, I can talk a little bit more about it. So basically, you know... like like i mentioned earlier right jupiter is not like you know just aggregating everything right now we want to make sure that we are trading everything right and uh the the the landscape of trading right now is actually very interesting because uh you know you have the normal trading using the jupiter wallet you know using the phantom wallet you know like sign on the desktop then you'd lock in with your wallet connect with your wallet then you can start buying or selling anything on the jupiter website so that's one segment one segment of the whole trading like I would say like a pie chart. Imagine this pie chart. One segment right there. Then you have this segment that people use the mobile to trade, people who are on the go, using Phantom to trade. I mean, now we have a solution for it, the Jupyter app. So we are going to this particular pie chart right now. Then there's another pie chart. It's like this whole-- like a group of traders who who will be using like you know tools like bomb board like photon and like your blue x you know obviously these are like you know like partners and also like friendly competition as well right to make sure that uh it's very interesting right this sector of uh traders what they do is like you know they have their like like wallet being like you know custodial by the app provider, in this case, like Porto on the boot X, and people just go onto the website and start buying things. And the cool thing about it is that something that the Jupyter website cannot do is that behind the scenes, because the keeper or the job runner, whatever you call it, the keeper is submitting the transaction on behalf of the user. So there are a few things that can optimize. a lot better than just going to the website to buy and sell. Basically, 8 Pro is going to this particular segment. We call it the pro traders. They know what they're doing. They just want to optimize for the experience. They want a lot more information on the token they're trading. They want all the graphs and everything. They want to see all the information they want before they go into buying a token. So this is basically what A4 is about. This is the segment that we are targeting right now. And the last segment is basically the that everyone else right the normies like people who come on the people have no idea what solana is about but they don't mind like you know download the app to like you know start trading and buying stuff right and and i would say like the people who are doing a very good job on this segment right now is the you know like uh moonshot they are doing a very good segment of this people are trading on it like they have no idea it's actually a blockchain behind they just know that okay i want to buy this thing i'll do like do this thing yeah it's a i would say four four big segments the typical crypto user you know the the mobile user the poor traders and like the normies the full coverage is starting to get there i think is what you can start to see so this is kind of embarking into a new area uh and you know there's no better way to really talk about this than to just show actually yeah let me try it out like i'm not sure like how i can share my screen like you know people can like take a look into how how he works. - Let's have it. Let's have it, folks. First time ever we're showing this in public. 8Pro, we're gonna do some live training with Sian. Let's see if it works. Is Moonshot using Jupyter Infra? They are using Jupyter Swap, if I'm not mistaken. - Yes, yeah. - @mohelukash, having the notifications on the left and the cams on the right is amazing. It's amazing for when I cut content for Joop. Appreciate you, Mo. You're doing great work. People should go check out Mo's work. Can people see it now? I'm wondering. Bam! Here it is. Wait, let's do it like this. Yeah, so basically, you know, the one cool thing about the 8 Pro product is that it's very easy to lock it in the sense that, you know, You can use email, you can use Twitter, you can use Facebook, anything like that. You can also use the Phantom as well if you really want to. We basically will create a semi-custodial wallet using, I would say, something like Web3Off, which is our partner. It's an MPC wallet. It's a lot safer because the key is split into actually three buckets here. So in case that if you lose your secret face or anything like that, you can still recover it. And we think it's slightly safer because we are not the ones storing it in the DB in plain text or anything like that. If something happened to the DB, then people can hijack it, stuff like that. Obviously, the first thing you learn on the page is that you'll see this-- actually, this is the first page, not this page. So you see this new token page. that it basically tracks all the new tokens that are coming online on Solana right now, live. All these are new tokens. You can see immediately how many people are buying it, transaction that's like how many people are buying it, how many people are selling it, the buy volume, the sell volume, the market cap. And you can also see all this different information as well. I think it's quite important as well, whether the mean authority is disabled, the freeze authority is disabled, whether LP is burned. uh you know what uh what's the top 10 holders one of the problem is like you know sometimes the token are you know if if too many people if some like you know some insider created the token then they bought it out and stuff like that then immediately you can look at this like oh like if two men like only one or two two people holding more than like you know 20 15 of the tokens then you know that you know some insider having like controlling it things like that The very cool thing about it is that you see this thing coming down. Actually, I would love to see what people are commenting as well. You see this thing, all the new tokens are streaming in. Actually, the way I use it is I actually have multiple... I will have multiple... like april going on then i would like usually stack like them side by side right like this i'm not sure people can see this yeah yeah cool cool cool and one thing that's very cool is that we make it mobile friendly as well uh you know usually i have like two tab open then i'll go to like uh yeah i'll go to like the hunt jam and see what are the cool new tokens that are coming out One thing that I focus on usually is the graduating soon. And these are the tokens that almost hit the cap on pump one. Yeah. MARK BLYTH: So can you close your sidebar so we can see it a little bit better here over on the side? YONGJIN PARK: Oh, sorry. Is it-- MARK BLYTH: Over on the left side, your arc sidebar. It'll just make the window a little bit bigger. oh i see yeah let me hide the cyber yes yeah there you go yes so that's usually how i trade as well like you know one cool thing i think there are a few like very cool like uh little features on on uh that we do is like you know if you hover over the thing the the whole thing will stop scrolling you know it doesn't like disrupt your whole like hovering as well so they can easily tap into the thing that you want to buy but once you have all it you can start seeing all the new tokens streaming now that's quite cool Then these are some of the tokens that you can see as well, like Gradiate Soon. This is basically tracking all the Pump Pump tokens. I think the team is working on Moonshot integration as well. And obviously, you can buy all the Gradiate token as well from this particular page. Do you want to click into one of the token pages, though, to show the next feature? I think it's pretty sick. Usually the first thing I look at is top 10. So 15% usually means quite good. Not all too many insiders holding the tokens. Bakso. Is bakso the-- oh, it's a-- I thought bakso is like an Indonesian soup noodle thing. But I think let's buy it. So the cool thing here is that obviously you can see the price, how long the token has been alive. So for 17 minutes right now. Wow, actually for 17 minutes, 2 million market cap. That's actually pretty cool. And the FDV is close to 2 million liquidity, about 80,000. You can see the checklist as well. The mean authority is disabled. The freeze authority is disabled. LP is not burnt because this token just graduated and our top 10 holder is like less than 15%. I think it's a pretty good token to buy. Let's do something crazy. So you click on it, this thing will start. Behind the scenes, our keeper will help you to like, you know, set this particular token and we can click it multiple times as well to see how fast you go. The joy of the live tech demo. Do you mind closing the one on the left side just so we can see the single coin trading page a little bit more clearly? Yeah, yes. So this thing, when it's great, see, now it's done. It will immediately tell you how much you have bought for this particular token. So when the token is migrating from Panfan to Radium, then you will see this thing showing up as well. that's quite cool very nice and then uh let me pick something that uh yeah yeah okay cobra sounds pretty cool uh you know let me check the Okay, 30% is okay. Let's do it. Ah, shit, it's too late. Gotta move faster here. These meme coins wait for nobody. This is obviously, by the way, a demo, very much not financial advice. Do not buy any tokens. As you can tell, this is not a lot of due diligence that's going on over here. This is purely just a way to show you how the platform works and looks. Ah, my lady, sounds pretty cool. Let's do it. So you're up already 50% over on Boxzo. Yes, yes. So we can see my P&L right here in real time. That's actually pretty cool. So, whoa, whoa, I'm up pretty quite a lot. Should I sell it? Let's sell it. Yeah, yeah. Actually, no, no, no. Let's keep half of it. We have to write it up. Let's sell half of it. Moonbags. Moonbags. Always worthwhile. Yeah, do not buy it now, D Frank. Do not buy it now. Nice, nice, nice. Wow, actually, it's a pretty good deal. Wow. I mean, now you're down 31%, right? And now you're back up. Yeah. Now I'm gone. He's gone. Oh, this is quite fun. We're going to have a Sion just live trading sometime soon. We'll see. I think we should, the planetary call effect, the wealth effect. I think we should drop, why don't we put some soul into one random token and then we can just come at the end of the call and we'll see how it's doing. And we'll see what the... That's a good idea. Yeah. Which one? Which one should we do? I can't even see what they're saying, honestly. Let's see the graph. Okay, let me find one. Let me find one. Okay, let me find one. Bakso is pretty good. - Wow, there's so many Baxo right now. What the hell? - What is going on with Baxo? I think what's cool about this for folks that are watching as Se-young looks for this token here, A, you can see the speed, right? Like the tokens, as soon as they're up there, you see them there. Because if there's one thing that D-gen traders want or pro traders want, it is to be the first to see it and to have that continuous data flow. So you can see that that, For example, the P&L updates every half a second, so you know exactly when you can smash that sell button. So that speed is really important, both on the usage and on the number of tokens and when they're on there, which I think is pretty sick. Opaqs is saying, please sell all the Baxo, Siang. Oh, really? Sell all? No, no, no. I just doubled down on it. Okay. I just bought one sort of Baxo. then we can come back and see what happens you know maxwell the cat as well let's buy like one soul like you know actually hold on 46 no no no too many people can see that they can see the love in your eyes right now so they can tell we're not going to talk about anything else on this call besides just trading i think we need to stop okay cool uh if not this call going to track on for like another another like one or two hours but uh but the cool thing about this is that uh So it's going to go live tomorrow. I think it's 9:00 PM, maybe around this time. Hopefully, people can sign up and try it out. Yep. I think it's pretty good. All right, so we have our bags packed. We'll figure out what is going to come. We'll come back at the end of the call. We'll see how it goes. Baxo. Baxo is where it's all about. When is it live, Tony? It's going to be live tomorrow evening, Singapore time, tomorrow afternoon, UTC, I believe. So tomorrow, you will all be able to see this. Like I said, this is the first time anybody is seeing this in public here. Give me a little W in the chat if you're excited to try out a pro. Just drop a little W in. - And do not buy-- - Non-financial advice. - Do not buy, but I'm gonna tell you right now, Seohyang is turning into the Pied Piper of meme coins. And it's chilling the bags. The man does one live trading session, becomes a meme coin KOL. You gotta-- - We will burn it, we will burn it. Like if it goes up, we will burn it. We'll burn everything. Should we burn it or should we give it away to somebody on the call? Actually, we should give it away. That's an even better idea. That's nice. Give it back to the cadet. So one lucky person will get everyone here, but I hope the buck so it goes up so that one lucky person will get any of the rewards that come out of this at the end of the call. Too late, I already bought. Please don't do that. But the Ws are flowing in the chat. Don't do that. Don't do that. You're going to get a chance to try out 8.Pro tomorrow. Reminder, meme coins is a dangerous thing. You should know what you're doing. Make sure that you're kind of approaching this with money that you can afford to lose in case it goes down. All those other kind of disclaimers are out there. But if you like trading meme coins as much as Seon does, Ape.Pro is the place to be. That much is very clear and obvious to me now. All right. With that, the chat is still bro-cooked one soul in two minutes. Yeah, this is what happens when you're the co-founder of Jupiter, folks. You kind of have this sixth sense for the markets that you're able to do. All right. With that said, Soju, aka the legal department over at Jupyter is having a heart attack right now. So let's bring him up on stage and help him relax a little bit. And it's actually all about the J-U-P, which is the people that make Jupyter great. It is in fact the result of the hardest working cat. Drop a little jam in the chat for Soju, everybody, please. Soju, did you buy any Bukso? No, I didn't. I was just watching you buy. Do not buy Bukso, please. What is Bukso? No, no idea. Is it some Indonesian food? I saw somebody in the chat saying it's an egg. It's actually some Indonesian food, like some soup noodle things. Yes, yes, yes. Well done. Onboarding the next generation of Indonesian users. It's a good start. Soju, you got some updates for us, brother. Tell me, what is going on across the JUP? JMJM, I'm just here to give a quick update on the most frequently asked questions over the last two weeks, which is ASR. Thought I would tell you a little bit about Dbridge, as well as sharing about a simple new idea that I have, and I think Cash and friends really agree with. So I think Dbridge actually came on the Jupiter vote a long time ago, and it's been a long time coming. They worked very closely with us to experiment all these new things. The key things that come to mind is that Dbridge actually built out an entire suite of interacting with Jupyter RLG from any chain through their infrastructure. You can deposit into the alpha vault from another chain or you can chain your airdrop with any EVM wallet and it's amazing. Then they wanted to also offer white yeast in. for the people that deposit into the alpha vault. So we sort of worked with them all of this over the past few months to do all of this and finally the dbh rfg vault period is over. What's next is training beginning at 8am UTC tomorrow roughly 24 hours from the vault closing and about 16 hours or so from now. So I think it's pretty hype because like Yeah, it's the first time we see such traction from all the chains trying to interact with ROG and we want to bring ROG as a concept to more people. So this is something that we're very excited about. And once we're all done and dusted with Debridge, we're going to move on with ASR, which is something that everyone has been to be looking forward to. ASR, after the vote passed a few months ago, we have ASR for another year now. Sorry, just to interrupt you real quick, Soju. What is ASR for some of the new folks who are on the call for the first time? We have a lot of acronyms across the Jupyterverse. Sorry, sorry. Good to clarify, yeah. Just as a reminder, I think for people who have asked me, what is Jupyter, it's like 16 hours a day. But yeah, ASR is an experiment that Jupyter is trying. Voting and doing governance stuff on Solana is very cheap, so you don't actually have to burn too much money doing participant in governance. But we know that Jupyter users are very retail heavy. Jupyter holders are really retail folks who just use and love the app. And we want to give them a very strong reason to be involved in Jupyter's day-to-day proceedings, the votes, and also get them more Jupyter. like into the hands of this retail folks so we came out with something called active staking reward we call it asr um the dow has voted to renew it for another year but basically every three months we will be here and we will dish out the asr rewards of the three months and this quarter's rewards will come on friday so on friday you can be able to see your rewards on monday you'll be able to claim them and this time it will be jup and cloud And the next ASR will be Joop and probably Dbridge or other LLG tokens that might launch in the period. And one thing that we are very proud of is that we've actually noticed that in the past few months, we have seen tremendous growth. progress in terms of getting more voters involved in the Jupyter DAO, in the Jupyterverse. We've also launched many new features like the inform, like we have a lot of cool things like the new newsletter, we have new upgrades to the DAO page. And we want to take this opportunity to do another fun vote. To do another vote where people can just participate and be a part of Jupyter easily without making too worried or too stressed about making a right or wrong decision. So we'll be doing another fun vote after ASR sometime next week or before next week. or after next week maybe and then after that it will be the important votes either watching group votes and jubilee votes but hopefully Hopefully this fun vote will help re-orient the community again with the new platform, with the newsletter, with the new vote page, and then we move on from there. And I think a lot of Cranktour have been asking us about Cloud Totems, I've seen them as well. But basically what we're doing for Cloud Totems, which you will be able to see on the site as well tomorrow, is that we're distributing Cloud Totems to voters in the second period of ASR, which is this period. And we are also distributing additional set of Kalt Totems if you had voted in Centum's vote, LLG Round 2. And as always, you don't have to actually vote for Centum to get the Totems, but if you have participated in that round, you will get Kalt Totems as well. So the droop is divided across the four votes that happened in Quarter 2, but Kalt is divided across five votes, the four and the vote in the past. Hope that answers the questions. Ah, very nice. Wait, so just to confirm there, you said that as long as you voted in that round of LFG, even if you didn't vote for Sanctum, Sanctum is still going to give you some extra clap rewards. Yeah, because for us and for Sanctum and for our LFG clients, it's never about... you vote for me here at SunTotals, it's always about just encouraging the activity, the discussion around the votes. It sounds like one letter in my mind, maybe repeated three times. That's a little creepy to me. I like this. Not vindictive, not being like, hey, only if you voted for us, you were awarded. I think that's pretty great. Soju streaming from his massive closet. My massive table. I think one thing that's very cool is that the new, renewed ASR reward. I know Miao worked very hard on it to get people excited about it. I'm very grateful for the community to pass it as well. We have one more year of ASR. One more year of ASR, which is great. Just to answer this question from Nasir and anybody else that missed it just now, the D-Bridge allocation for ASR will come in the next claim, not in this claim, because D-Bridge is not out yet, is the kind of simple reason. I want to talk about that a little bit more, because people have been asking us this question. Because, like, to be fair to this question, people ask this question, D-Bridge is going live tomorrow. So on Friday and on Monday, it will be a live token. But one thing that's very important with these rewards is that you shouldn't get Dbridge tokens if you weren't willing to hold even for like a month or two months or three months for it. And ASR of the ROG tokens is designed to be like three months, like up to three months after this project launch the tokens. So the community knows that it has to be aligned with the project at least for a period of roughly maybe two to three months. So Dbridge, while it will be out tomorrow and live on the market, it will not be out in ASR in the period. But we'll probably do something similar to Cloud where we also involve the people who voted during the D-Bridge round or voters in this period. We will have to figure that out again. But this is very common. It's a common question, but remember folks, the whole point of the voting process is to identify projects that are not just hyped, but that you think have a long-term future. Because remember, the tokens go to the DAO. So this is the kind of premise behind here, that there's an incentive to vote for the best projects, not just the project that your friend works at or whatever else for exactly this reason. And if you want D-bridge, you have the policy to win the next few votes on this period. So watch out for the Jupiter Dow. There was another question. There's been a few questions in the chat. So we might as well address this right now as well. Let me see if I can scroll up and find it. Oh, there's a question about the Joop ASR will not be auto-staked. I believe it will be auto. It will be sent directly to your stake account, just like last time. Just like last time, yeah. Okay, there was another question I can't... Ah, here it is. Can you guys give us some more information about Jubilary? Meow said there will be a yes or no vote, but has the team discussed criteria yet? Not yet, not yet. The criteria has not been discussed yet. You know, there are still, what, three more months. So the token launch, what, January 30th. Then I think we still have, like, what, three months. Meow is going to work on some, like, you know, the ASA to talk more about it and, you know, share more details about it and stuff like that. Yeah, I think for the Drupal Revolt and for ASR, these are community-incented emissions. So these are tokens from the community multi-seed. If the community is against it, then those tokens will not come out of the multi-seeds and go into circulation. And there's a separate discussion on the criteria, which the community and the team will do it together after the snapshot or the cross passing day but i can say that like internally we do have we are like discussing about like oh what how should that surgery be if we have one should we throw this big party should we should we i have to do some more community and activations around the world like some of that like jupiter has come a very long way in the past year and i'm very excited to see what we can do like next january 31st to like showcase the difference I'm actually looking forward to it. I would love to see how the committee participates, but this will be a fun one. It will be an intense vote, that much is sure. But don't worry, we'll have tons of pros and cons all discussed on this call so that everyone can make an informed decision when the time comes. There's a question here from Nicola about missed claims on previous ASR, Soju. Yeah, so the mix came for the 4 million jup also from the last ASR that was not claimed. These tokens are currently sitting in the community multi-seat and can be used for future community emissions. We can't redistribute it or whatever because the tokens are now sitting in the community's treasury. So we can't go in and take the money out and do something with it. But future discussions, votes, proposals will pull from that bucket as well. Yeah. There's a lot of people in the chat who are saying things around like, no jubilee, just extend ASR. That's going to be a fun one. The debate is going to be pretty intense when that one happens. That is for sure. But all right, folks. So hopefully all the people that were asked about when, when, when, when, when ASR? Friday, you get to know how much you're getting. Monday, you get your total. There it is. That is the short answer for you all. You want to talk a little bit about Jupyter Regional as well here, Soju? Sure. I think like, so a few months ago with me, Cash and Mel were all in the same place in Dubai. We were doing this exciting 3G score. I hope people still remember. But we basically outlaid a three-step plan. And the first step of the plan was the great migration with Jupyter Mobile, in where we just want to like help everyone use crypto or help everyone become a crypto user. And Finally, after so many months, the app is out on iOS, Android and on trainets. 8Pro will be launching as well and 8Pro actually offers social logins. So 8Pro and the Jupyter mobile apps are now like the new ways you can start using crypto easily. And I think Jupyter is entering this next stage of our journey where the tech is strong, the community is strong, the onboarding flows are easy and it's really time to like accelerate the great migration and help bring everybody on onto soana start trading start using this product start using d5 and this is something that me and the team is very excited about so jupiter regional is just something that i'm very passionate about and it's going to be one of many initiatives run all over the place to like go to dow uh go the platform and its users but basically the bad story jupiter regional is that like Right before joining Jupyter, I spent a few months of my life flying around to Korea, Vietnam. I would carry two laptops in my bag and carry a banner of my product. I would set up at cafes and talk to people, I would learn from them, get feedback. This is how I used to grow products on the ground around the world. that's what I want to do basically again so I posted a tweet but basically I call it like small scale onboarding but like but at a global scale all around the world and Waterloo blockchain card was the first ones who did it and I was and I didn't care share the photos just now but basically the team and me we are here to like help facilitate anyone who's anywhere in the world who wants to do something small to like If you want to set up a table somewhere and give away free coffee for Tryout Jupiter Mobile, please do it. Give me a quick pitch. You get USDC, go and do it. Take some photos, post it on Twitter. Because as Mel always says, if it's not on Twitter, it didn't happen. So we have to do it. So I think there's a lot of things we need to do, right? So we need to onboard new people to crypto. We need to see what they... see what people say when they're using a Jupyter mobile for the first time, understand what issues they face, improve them, and sort of reiterate quickly on a global scale. And that's what I believe Jupyter regional hopefully will be. And this will be a small part of everyone's efforts to drive the great migration around the world. So the great migration is here, onboard people, help grow our products, I have ideas if you need them. Can we build a page for people to see all these things that are happening around the world? If I happen to be in this part of the world and there's something nearby that's happening, I would love to check it out as well. Obviously, a lot of people here as well. There was the Joop.Eco who had a calendar if I remember correctly right? Oh wow, that would be cool yeah, like the calendar to see what's happening and now everything's popping. Yeah, someone who does this very well is, you know, have you ever saw a super team? So I'm sure we'll figure it out. Maybe I might have a tip or two. You know, we're doing like 500 events a month right now through Super Team, which is crazy. Fuck, that's crazy. 10,000 people IRL every month can do a Super Team event. That's like four events this week in Singapore alone. Yeah, it's a shout out to all the Super Team leads who make the magic happen. But yeah, absolutely. I'm sure we could figure out some nice things to do here to make it a little bit easier to keep track of it all. But so true. So the way to get involved... Jupiter Regional is to just spam your DMs? Am I hearing that correctly? The way to get involved is just get started and start doing stuff. If you feel like you need a bit of support in terms of like paying for drinks or getting the photo of mail posted, printed so you can stick it onto your wall and people walk by. If you need those things, we are here to help. The Drupal also has this excellent grants program, as Cash has mentioned, that the Drupal mainly covers enthusiasm work, like they are results driven for us we are more cost driven just trying to facilitate and i make it free at least for any enthusiastic person to like start up i think my personal tip would be to start small find what works for you then once you start doing once you start getting results keep doing it and then start getting other people to like do it as well quite similar to how i remember cash started super team india but yeah that's a whole different story you should have done me on that one but in any case we have uh i think hopefully at least if the chat is any indication jupiter is going to be present in brazil in taiwan uh and a bunch of other countries that were out there as well yeah like this indonesia's already got it going on and let's just be clear on this creating the permit creating those twitter accounts is permissionless yeah So if you're watching this right now and you want to kind of further the Jupiter cause in your country, create a Twitter account, start posting, start getting people into the cause, decentralize the meta, push forward decentralization everywhere. Other than Waterloo, I actually have like six other people who have already pitched dot funding, going to run a booth in like the next one month or so. So it's going to go exponential, I think. And that's the idea. Yeah. Cozy D is saying, "When Ukraine..." Cozy D, "When Ukraine" is whenever you start the event in Ukraine. This is a call to action for you to get into it. That is the point, which is pretty great. All right. That is Jupyter Regional. I think that's pretty cool. We have one other little quick section in the JUP. By the way, your... Siang, your estimate is just totally fucked. It's already an hour and four minutes. We still have like three more seconds to go. - That's all right, that's all right. That's how it goes. - That's how it goes, that's all right. It's not my first rodeo. This last little slide is called, "We would love Soju." What would we love? Yeah, I think with me, Cash, Sion, Mel, we all talked about what we want to see around cadets. If you are a very enthusiastic and ambitious cadet and you want to do something but not so sure what to do, don't worry, we have ideas. Cash, do it. So the first one here says DevRel. I think this one is actually very-- one thing that I've been thinking about a lot is-- I mean, like I mentioned earlier, I think our documentation is great, but it can be even better to onboard more people on a lot of different API that we have right now. We have the pricing API, the SOAP API, the PURPS API coming up. So a bunch of different things. The team is working very hard to improve the documentation to get it better. But obviously, just the documentation alone is not enough. Ideally, we can get people started using it as well. Obviously, when they start using it, they will have questions. And actually, if you are in the Discord channel, I'm the one answering all the questions right now almost every day. And hopefully, we can get more people. working together i mean not just me like obviously there are some like community members are very comfortable as well yeah uh you know notorious pro notorious i think that's like his username like amazing guy has been very helpful for a lot of new people coming in um you know but hopefully we can sell something more you know structure and get people to be more more excited about To jump in here, because I see some folks not sure in the chat. So DevRel stands for developer relations. And the basic point is, how can you make it easier for people to build on top of the Jupyter APIs? As we've talked about many times, more than $100 million has been earned by other people building on top of Jupyter's APIs. The question is, how do you make that even easier to do? So it's not just the big teams, but it's the little guy in Indonesia or Nigeria or the girl in the Philippines that can build here. So this might include things like improving the documentation. as Sian was just saying. It might include things like making tutorial videos. It might include things beyond that entirely. I don't even know what else might come into it. MIYAMOTO YOSHITSUGU: Actually, one thing that I've been thinking about is something like a live coding. If you have some ideas that you want a team member to implement, we can probably do a live section. With the browser open up, cursor there, just go for it. Then you can learn along the way. Then we will update the video. you know, to YouTube or whatever. - Jay says, it sounds like you need to be a dev to help with that. The answer is yes. You kind of, you need to be a little, at least a little technical. You don't necessarily need to be the greatest developer in the world, but you need to be able to understand developer things. If you are interested in doing this kind of stuff, A, you should just get out there and start doing it. And potentially once you've started doing it, apply for a grant as well to help kind of further those efforts. My personal opinion, there should be a DevRel working group just in the long term. And we just need to find people who are eager and passionate and capable to kind of staff that up. The second thing that we'd love to see, you're not a developer, you say DevRel's not for me. The second one here is built in public. I'll talk about this one a little bit because it's high on my wishlist. This one, I'm going to tell you right now, stole this idea completely. Shamelessly stole this idea from our homies over at the Galactic Geckos. Shout out to all the geckos. I don't know if we have any geckos in the chat right now. But they do this super cool thing that helps the community earn. And I want to see some more of that happening here as well. Which is, specifically, they have a group inside of their community that helps people learn how to monetize on Twitter, right? Right. By what are the strategies, the tactics that you can use to start to get better at Twitter? I think that's really great. But I want to take that one step further for Jupiter. Because at Jupiter, what is the one thing we have learned through all the working groups? Right. Is it the importance of building in public? That's what this call is right now. Like talking about how things are going in public is a super critical skill. And we'd love to see people hosting workshops, putting together documentation, recording videos, making it easier for other cadets to start working in public. whether that's events or something else entirely. So if that sounds like the kind of thing that you are passionate about, it's like helping people get their message out, helping people understand how they can broaden their reach. start doing some stuff, maybe apply for a grant to take that forward even further. That one is a big one for me. And I see that solid is on my side at the very least. There will be a Cadence Corner after this. But anyway, the building public, I think, is at the heart of the PPP kind of mission here. Wake knows better than anybody how important that is. So finding some folks that can help up skill and level up other folks in the community, I think would be really important. The next one we have here, is product feedback. Soju, you want to talk about this one? Yeah, I think for us, Twitter really relies on our users telling us their opinions on what we can do better. That's why we have these product leads like Joe, Sian, Ben, myself, YY, Sion. We all spend our time on Twitter hearing comments from users, hearing ideas and we're getting feedback. So we just want to keep that fire going and we think that having a a group of people who specializes or who focus on helping more feedback come up and get propagated to the team correctly. So when we know that feedback comes in, we know whether this feedback is something that's rightly known or encouraged or whether it's just one guy's opinion, which is all important to us. But it's good to have this more formal process, especially as our products grow wider. Now we have the whole of 8 Pro over there, we have Log, we have Swap, we have Bridge. It's starting to get a bit hard for anyone of us to keep up well, but that's why we need the community's help here. To do this better is very important to us. Very cool. Then that leaves one other thing that we'd love to see, product demos. Yeah, I think so for us, our products, we do we spend a lot of time like making cool shit. So I think, for example, one of the cool sheets that we did is dynamic seepage, but we don't we but we don't spend nearly as much time making sure that everyone knows exactly how this cool shit does how why this tool sheet is so cool and that's because we're too busy building more cool so having a group of people that like really exemplifies like and talks about each various product and why it's amazing for example dca is amazing in its own way dynamic cpc is amazing terminal is amazing like how do we demo these products more regularly and like distribute this like things out into the world will be quite important as Jupiter grows and launches more cool shit around the place. Yeah. That's right. So folks, here's the message loud and clear. Go do cool stuff in any of these dimensions. If you need resources to support you, that is why the grants program exists to help make that easier for you as well. Basically, the long and short of it, just want to see more contribution from the community. That's the idea that as a community, we get stronger when more people are building it. The nature of decentralization is not the absence of leaders. It is the abundance of them. And that's what we need out of everybody here in the community to step up, take that leadership role in and start to help people, whether it's on the dev rel, whether it's a building in public, whether it's with a feedback, whether it's with demos or anything else that you want to do. That is the point here. We're here to empower. All right. Let's get started. I think we just about did it. Drop a little PPP for me in the chat if you are with me on this, because this really is that mindset fully. Just helping other folks get bigger and better. All right. The PPPs are flowing in. Soju, any final words from your end before we go to our partner? nope i think i'm just reading forward to all of these people i if you are doing any of these four teams are doing any of the original feedback just reach out to me make tweets and you'll definitely notice very quickly and the team will be there to support and so is so with the rest of the jupyters you can follow through it guys there we go thank you everybody all right with that said get out of here soju get out of here you can bring your your girlfriends, your wives back out now, your daughters and so on. From the process. Not just one, like maybe couples. Anyway, So people in the chat, by the way, are saying that Baxo is going crazy right now. Let's actually just check this back out. How are we doing on Baxo? So you're up $230 on Baxo. You're up 75% so far. Not too bad. Not too bad. Not bad. I was kind of assuming that you would lose it all, quite honestly. NFA, NFA, NFA. No, I feel like it. NFA, yeah. Do not buy Baxo. Do not buy it. This is like, no, not really click on the first one that came up. But interesting. So we'll come back to that at the end of the call. And one lucky person is going to go home with all of it. it. So we'll see how that goes. Okay. Anyway, with that said, let's bring up our next guest. Sion, do you actually want to introduce Omar? I know you guys have been working closely together. Yes. Omar has been an amazing guy, has been helping us since the beginning, has been very helpful on setting all the parameters, assessing the risk of the perk spot up. I think we started working together when it's like still under 100 million or something like that. Then now we are like, what, 750 million TVL right now, more than like... what that hundred hundred billion trading volume yeah so you know has been very helpful you know uh now we added a lot uh a new engagement which is the oracle and uh you know their team has been very helpful on all our feedback as well all our you know demanding features like yo like can you get this up running for us like usually they will get it the turnaround time is like you know a few days and we'll get something immediately Well, with that said, let's bring him up here. He has a pair of AirPods, clearly. But Omer, the founder of Chaos Alliance. Omer, are you with us? Hey, guys. Can you hear me? Yes, yes, yes. But we can only see. Yeah, I don't know. The camera is on and it's pointed at me. I think it like the still is stuck. Maybe let me try to disconnect the camera. Try going to settings in StreamYard and then changing the camera in the dropdown. I think maybe that might just. I see, I see. Yeah, cool. I think this should work now. And there he is. We can see a handsome face right now. There we go. There we go. Hey guys, what's up? Over. Thanks for being patient. Obviously, it's been a bit of a long journey to get here, but we are excited to have you on. What can you tell the people about Edge by Chaos Labs? Well, Tom, first of all, thank you for having us. A quick background about Chaos. We're the market leader today in risk optimization and we rolled out about three to four months ago, Edge Oracles. And really, Jupyter was like the crown jewel of this. We had worked with them for months in order to build the best in market, fastest, most precise and reliable price Oracle. amazing feedback from the team and it all culminated I think in Singapore several weeks ago when we got to actually fly out and work for a week kind of in person on site with Siong, Julian, Soju, Hao and the rest of the team and really announce it a token. So far, the Oracle I think is nearing 50 billion in transactions volume process, which is just a crazy number and a testament to kind of the product market fit purpose is found on Jupyter. And in addition to the price Oracle itself, we also provide the risk parameters. So open interest caps, funding rates, which assets to list, Behind the scenes, we're working super closely with Siam and team on a daily basis just to make sure that we can give everything that the community wants and provide it in a way that's secure and scalable. So I'm here on edgebychaos.com. Tell me, what am I looking at over here? Walk us through it a little bit. Yeah. So Edge is the real kind of unlock and what's different in how Chaos Labs is building oracles is that we have this incredibly intelligent office system engine. And teams used to need to kind of take them manually and update the parameters. And instead, we want to deliver everything in a streamlined way via the oracle itself. So there are three sub offerings in Jupiter. The first is the price Oracle. So every single trade somebody places on the Jupiter per platform is priced by the edge Oracle network that comes from chaos labs. So if you've seen like better pricing, like lower latency, higher precision over the few months, that's been part of the update along with that. And I think one of the things that we've been super excited about is just the improvement in performance. Um, Um, so Sion can speak to the exact metrics, but payload size and therefore also cost has reduced by 80% since, since using edge. So it's cheaper to do the same action with better pricing, uh, data, uh, with edge Oracle and also price staleness has gone down by over 70% as long as well as the latency. So that's the price Oracle. That's the first thing that the community knows because they're already using. So do you want to like add to that part on the per for. the overall UX on the price so far? Yeah, I mean, like so far, like what Amal mentioned, right, the transaction size is a lot, you know, smaller. And the good thing about it is that, you know, instead of like doing, before that, we have like, we need a separate, you know, like keeper to push the price on chain. Now with, you know, the smaller transaction size, everything can be put in one transaction and it can just simulate, you know, make the experience a lot faster. I'm pretty sure during congestion time, in the past, the Perp's product was suffer quite a lot. But now, obviously, since launch, I think four or five months, three, four months right now, I'm pretty sure the traders on Perp's can experience it as well. The performance has been amazing. So that's great. That's on the price Oracle, but Jupiter is also like in the process of using the risk oracles too. So like one of the things that's actually not a good UX is markets in crypto. They change so quickly in order to be secure and kind of have the exchange reflect the current state of the market. The application needs to update as well. And again, historically across all of DeFi or on-chain finance, it's been done manually. With RiskOracles, it's a direct connection to our system. It happens in a secure way. basically seamlessly giving the Jupyter Exchange like a real-time API. So that is also really exciting and it's going to allow the application and the exchange to increase open interest when suddenly there's a spike in volume and improvement in market liquidity, but also protect itself in the case that things turn the other way. So this is exciting. It's live for GMX, it's live for Radiant, going live with Aave. and a bunch of others that are going to be announced over the coming weeks, but quickly becoming an industry standard. The next thing, which is like, I'll pause you, Xiang, if you wanted to add something on the risk oracle. I think one very cool use case about this particular risk oracle I can give is that, for example, over the week, trading volume usually spiked up during the weekdays, then it goes down during the weekend. So that's one thing that we can, just using the risk oracle to manage the lending, the borrow rate on PURPS as well. Obviously, over the During the weekday, we can lower the borrow rate because the volume is a lot higher. Then over the weekends, when the volume goes down, we can increase the borrow rate to make sure that we are competitive with the central exchanges at the same time making sure that it's safe for all the GLP holders as well. And that last point is huge. Like I think ultimately like the reason why we're all here is because we believe that we can create better trading platforms, more transparent on chain. than what exists in centralized finance but really i think that um you know jupiter already has gotten there uh or made a significant stride there and the performance being on solana um but one of the things that people don't kind of recognize is that oftentimes because exchanges in blockchain update manually is that the execution is worse. And that's because the price impact is usually kind of the semi static function. And what risk Oracle does is allow us to take a huge stride to kind of closing the gap between Jupiter indexes and their centralized counterparts. So in the future, we think that it's just going to be a better trading experience. You're going to get better execution on Jupyter than on anywhere else. And this is like a core part of that and making that a reality. Pretty important stuff, I think, for everybody, especially on protocols that have the kind of volume that Jupyter does. Can you talk a little bit about proofs, Omer? Yes. Proofs is kind of the newest part of the Edge Oracle suite. and its ability to prove any data from any network. So it could be, you know, Solana to Ethereum, but it could also be the internet to Solana. So one of the very obvious use cases for this is proof of reserves. So as Jupyter on boards kind of RWA tokenized assets, PYUSD and other kind of different potentially gold in the future and different things they want to know that the asset is truly backed by something off-chain and this is exactly what the proof does so in almost real time we can provide that proof and we can pair that together that data with the risk engine and price making sure that the users are always protected and that there are backing assets for these rwa tokenized wrappers there's some other really, really special functionality of the proof Oracle, which is today powering prediction market oracles. So we did this like a press release in Bloomberg with winter mute. They have like us selection markets and I won't give like any spoilers, but we can do this for any prediction market. Should this be something that the community is interested in? So there's that as well. And this is just like a little kind of not too big of a spoiler because this will come out tomorrow. We're doing a lot of research here. And tomorrow there will be a piece that will come out with OpenAI around this and how do you kind of prove data in a reliable way, like across different networks using LLMs and what are the challenges around that. So that is like super early alpha. Forever has a good imagination, but there's a lot being built here. And I think we're just lucky to work with Siang and the team who have been amazing design partners. - Yeah, lucky as well. So mutually lucky because they're really pushing the envelope on the technology. And for me, it always feels like a cannery in the coal mine because they're pushing so hard. The things that they need is what the rest of the industry will need in 12 months from now. So that's the best partner that you can ask for. And technically, they're excellent. So it's just been great. Thank you. Thank you. And you also have an event coming up as well, right? Yes, yes, we do. For whoever is going to be attending DEF CON, we're going to have a Chaos Summit. Jupyter will be one of the featured applications there where we're going to talk everything from RISC to oracles to AI and security. It's going to be super interesting. So if you're in Bangkok for DEF CON, shoot me a DM on Twitter personally or to the Chaos Labs handle and we'd love to see you there. Awesome. Very cool. all right thanks for coming out folks if you are interested in all things risk securing literally billions of dollars of value across multiple chains across multiple protocols go check out chaos labs keep an eye out for this open ai partnership i didn't know about that that's very cool yeah that's amazing yeah blog will be live tomorrow so i'll share the link in our groups and check it out yeah nice very cool all right thanks for coming out brother cheers man uh very cool i didn't know about that that's uh yeah i think that's uh that that uh that i'm looking forward to it i would love to see you know like one thing that uh i realized that uh you know when i was doing the product uh testing just now like i've been seeing quite a lot of ai you know like the what's the thing the you know team on gold gold tokens are based on this whole ai that's been right yeah yeah yeah that was like amazing to see as well yeah - Okay, again, non-NFA, NFA. - We should talk about individual tokens, but that's almost everything. Instead, let's talk about individual people. And in particular, some people that are making the Jubaverse great. In Cadets Corner, we really need like a little theme music. If you're watching this and you can make little like musical intros for each of these sections, I will appreciate you forever. You can apply for an Uplift grant as well to make this even better. But we have here Cadets Corner. where we bring up a cadet who's been adding to the community and been just helpful all the way around exemplifying what a cadet is all about. Please drop a little jam in the chat for Aero. Aero, how are you doing? - Jam guys. - It's quiet Aero, but I can just about hear you. How are you doing? You doing all right? - I'm fine, I'm fine. How is everybody? - Awesome, welcome. - Thank you. Welcome to the planetary call, the best part. Ero, people are loving it in the chat. They're glad to have you here. Ero, for folks who don't know, tell them a little bit about how you got involved in the Jupyter. Okay. My journey in crypto started in 2018. It was kind of sad. I... I joined this Crypto Ponzi, that's Head4Surge and then some other ponzi and then they kind of wrecked me so I left crypto in 2018 and came back in 2020 and then I tried again but I kind of quit then in 2021 I think I used crypto a few times and then when I got the drop last year I was to like kind of I started again with crypto and then I also got wrecked in NFTs in 2022, so when I got the drop, I kind of came back fully to trading again. And then it was nice. And then I went to the chat and everybody was nice. I think the first cadet I talked to was Opax, and I kind of liked the community, so I stayed. A lot of folks are asking in the chat if you are a Nigerian, Ero. You don't have to say it, but if you want to. No, I am Nigerian. Shout out to the Nigerians. What a lovely people. Opaqs says, "Ero the GOAT, the legend." That's excellent. So have you joined other Web3 communities before? Was this the first kind of crypto community that you got deep into? No, not really. I worked in crypto as a community manager for three years for a gaming, a Web3 gaming company. So no, no, it's not my first. What kind of separated... So you had some exposure to other crypto communities. What kind of separated the Jupyter community for you? I think my favorite thing about Jupyter is everybody's accessible. Even the place I worked in for two years, if you want to get in touch with the founders or want to discuss with anybody or give feedback, you have to go through some kind of protocol. But with Jupyter, it's kind of easy. You can give direct feedback. You can chat with people. Everybody's accessible and welcome. So that's basically the thing that stands out about Jupyter. I got to say, it's one of my favorite things as well. I know, as Siong was saying, Siong is in the fucking chat in the Discord all day responding to different messages. Just kind of making it happen. There's a lot of, I'm not going to lie to you, Iroh, I am not Nigerian. Maybe you noticed. I don't understand what the chat is saying right now, if I'm being very clear. Wary, you're going to have to, can you translate some Nigerian slang for us or Nigerian? What all this means in here? What does Iroh Wary mean? Hiyo, how far now? What's up? How about WIDA? No, no, I'm not good today. Do you know that? How about Mama De Lai? Do you want to explain what this is? I've seen the stuff. I don't know what it... I don't like it. I don't like it. I sound like I'm Nigerian. I hope I'm not saying curse words on here by accident. I apologize if I... You're swapping all curse words that you're saying. All of these are not... Everyone's laughing. It's really hot right now. This is the danger of having an international community. Ziyang, any questions for Errol here? No, no, no. Amazing. It's actually good to see. I think cadet section is always very cool to see people sharing their experience using Jupyter. One thing that I really miss was the cadet cafe that we had at Breakpoint. I forgot the date. I was like, I really wanted to go, but I forgot the date. I miss out the date. Pretty close up. Ero, what kind of advice do you have? Because, you know, you are a cat of culture. Not trying to say anything nerdy there. It's late at night right now. But you are a cat of culture. A lot of people watching this call wish that they were cats of culture. What advice do you have for them so that they can become cats of culture themselves? I'll tell everyone to be like Godly. You'll tell them what, sorry? Yes. I said everyone should be like Godly. I think a good cadet is enthusiastic about Jupyter. They are savvy, they know things. I think some people they want to be cadets but they don't actually do the legwork. They don't have much knowledge about Jupyter and stuff. So first of all, if you want to get involved in Jupyter, you have to know things. You have to make your research and then you have to help people out, bring them in also. I think that's where everything starts from. That is the way to be. That's clear advice. How did I like? There was one other question here. In case you are single, do you do have a marriage proposal in the chat? From Yu Chan, Arrow, Marry Me. You single, Arrow? - Uh-oh, hold on, hold on. That reminds me of my favorite jokes. - Hopefully the government is not listening right now. - There's a great joke, I forget even who said it, but they said, "I don't have a girlfriend, I just know a girl who'd get real mad if she heard me say that." And that sounds like it might be the case for you right now, Ero. Shout out to Ero's girlfriend, hopefully. Or non-girlfriend, whatever, situations are complicated. Errol, thanks for being a part of the community. Thanks for doing what you're doing. Thank you. Thank you for having me. OK. Bye, guys. Cheers. Cheers. All right. Sometimes the cadet corner is thinking a little wild out here. All right, folks, we're going to stop. We're going to do those pumps in just a second. But before we do, we have to look at Baxo over here. The position, 90% up. Not bad, brother man. Not bad. So I think what we should do is this. You tell me if you agree. Let's close out the position now, and then let's send the $241 in profit. We'll send it to one random person who got the POAP. What do you think? How does that sound? Let's do it. Let's do it. All right. There we go. So you have a chance of winning this. Let's just see how easy it is to close this out here. Selling, selling, selling. Let's see, about to jump to zero. Cool, cool, cool. It's happening. Nice, nice, nice. So we are up, what, like, one... Not bad. Let's send 2.8 so to someone. Let's do it. 2.8 so to someone. So go ahead and get the POAP. You might say, how do I get the POAP, Cash? Well, don't worry. I got you covered. Here's what you need to do. Scan this QR code right here. Have at least 50 Jupyter state input your Twitter or your Discord. You'll get the POAP. We'll send this out. Why don't we send this out? When April launches tomorrow, you can announce who you've sent this out to. What do you think? Let's do it. Let's do it. Yes. Let's do it? All right. So that way people have a chance to get the PO app right now. Thank you, everybody, for sticking with us. It has been an hour and a half long call. It's like meow never left. We are still doing meow-like calls, which I think is great. And it feels good. As people are scanning, if you're on your phone, we're going to put the link into the chat right now in just a second. Oh, we already did. Here it is. App.dform.cc. There you go. Can't scan. If you're on your phone, you can just click on that link, app.dform.cc/forum/90193e94. I'm not going to read the whole thing. There's a whole app link that people could check if they want to. We should really just get a... Actually, to the work group who's watching this, from now on, let's just get poapp.uplink.com or whatever, and then we can just make that the link and update it each time so it's easier for people on mobile to get it. Look at this. Planetary call keeps innovating folks. What did I tell you? All right, what all did we cover today? My God, we covered a bunch of the wins of the week. We talked about Jupyter mobile and on the feedback and the roadmap that's coming. It sounds like the DAP browser needs to be made ASAP. We took a first look at Ape Pro, which is going live tomorrow. When you see it, do me a personal favor, hit that like button, spam that retweet, go give it a try. And most importantly, give your feedback as well. That's the only way the product gets better. After that, we talked about Dbridge. Their token is launching tomorrow. We talked about ASR. You can see your tokens on Friday. Claim on Monday. We got to hear about Jupyter Regional, where anybody around the world can start doing Jupyter meetups. We got to talk about some new work group potentials or some ways that you can contribute. We got to hear from Chaos Labs. We got to hear from Arrow. We got to see Siong make a little bit of money. And my God, I am tired. Again, this is a great show. Siong, how are you feeling? Unboxable. Unboxable. Amazing, amazing. The whole live demo thing is cool. Yeah, like sharing it with everyone. Like we'd love to do more like down the road. Definitely. I don't think we have any choice. We might have to. And as a reminder, go use Jupyter Mobile. Participate in the five soul challenge. It can be less than five soul. You can start with however many soul you want to start with. Let's start that trading challenge. Go post it onto Twitter. Tag Jupyter. I'll blink and you can make it happen. All right. I think that is it for today. Thank you, everybody. Appreciate you. Love you. We'll see you next week. Same time, same place. Good bye. Goodbye.