You know what time it is. Juke and juice time, baby. Here we go. You know, it's Juke and Juice time for the Jupiter Dow. Educating cats, yeah, something profound. We're here to talk facts with enough to go around. We got proposals to discuss before we vote in the Dow. Get your juke locked in and be ready to vote. There's a flood of information, so make sure to board the boat. Decentralization is the Jupiter dream. Big players in the game and we're picking up steam. Yeah, Juke and Juice now. Hey, wow. Look at this cat. It's a debt like meow. I'm ♪♪ Talking about proposals so you're gonna know when. When we go live, we empower the dream. Educated cats in the Jupiter team. All hands on deck, keep the station afloat. Our team is the best, yeah, we know where to go. Solana's strongest link in the world of blockchain. Empowerment to voters is the name of the game. Jupiter Juice now. Juke and juice now. Educating cats here, something profound. Juke and juice now. We're here to talk facts with enough to go around. Juke and juice now. Juke and juice now. ♪♪♪ Juke and Juice now. Educating cats, yeah, something profound. Juke and Juice now. We're here to talk facts with enough to go around. Juke and Juice now. Juke and Juice now. Juke and Juice now. You know what time it is. Juicing time, baby. Here we go. Yeah, Juke and Juice now. Hey, wow. Look at this cat. It's a cat like me, y'all. I'm climbing up the roof. ♪♪ ♪♪ Solana's strongest link in the world of blockchain. Empowerment to voters is the name of the game. Jupe and Juice now. Jupe and Juice now. Educating cats here is something profound. Jupe and Juice now. We're here to talk facts with enough to go around. Jupe and Juice now. Jupe and Juice now. ♪♪♪ ♪♪ Juices, juices, juices. You know the vibes. It's Jupe and Juice. We have you for the next one hour and 30 minutes. Although I have a strong prediction that we won't be fitting everything in time today. So get locked in for the next four or five hours. No, I'm joking. We're going to try and get it in time. So today we have I would call them the vibes cartel. They bring the vibes on their own content on YouTube and Twitter, and we want some of that too. So we are, we're leeching the vibes here on Jupe and Juice. We have Uprock, baby. We're going to find out what's going on at Uprock, what's happened in the past, not to mention what they've got going on in the future, because there's some stuff coming up. We're also going to talk to one of the admins and also one of our friends and cat debts, Girk, the homie, who for some reason always says it's my fault in Discord. I'm going to need to call him up on that today. It looks like Sax has abandoned me today on Jupe & Juice, and that's fine. That's fine. I'm used to this at this point. This is part of doing it live for Jupe & Juice. No, he's actually doing something very important right now. So we also have some pretty fun stuff to reveal today. So about a week ago, we did a logo bounty for the boys. Everyone was able to make a submission. And there's prizes, boys. Even though we have no money, we're going to give what little money we do have to you for our logo. So I can already see so many people in chat yapping about the logo competition. So I'm very excited to show you guys. Sax has been working hard in the background to lay it all out so we can present it all fancy. So I'm very excited about that. Irish, what do we have today in terms of news? Mock Duke, what up? Stuff, Morton, hello, hello, hello. Adele. Oh, yeah, serious question. Adele, how did you find out that we were going live and messaged like 10 minutes early? If you could let me know, I'd really like that. Are you Neo from the Matrix or something like that? Bring it up. Yeah, so Dupu at Uplink have a trading competition, which is quite nicely timed, boys and girls, because not only is it kind of a large prize pool, it's also in time for DupMobile. right? Juke mobile is Jupiter's mobile application that is taking the web app that we all know and love into the palms of your hand. It's very slick and they're very keen to get all the feedback that you guys have. So if anyone's been using Juke mobile, please Please drop some feedback in the chat or on Twitter. Make your threads. DM BenwayXYZ. Also, he's doing all the stuff with Drupal Mobile at Jupyter, among very many other developer chats. So yeah, the Uprock boys are here and we have the uplink. There's two ups here today. I'm just going to get very confusing from my senile brain, but we're going to cook. We're going to cook. They're giving away a lot of... Well, well, well, go back up. They're giving away a lot of dupe to those pro traders that are going to be using 8Pro or Dupe Mobile to cook from five sol to the moon. I've tried. I've made like a 20% increase in my position. So you better know that if you guys don't start hustling to get this bounty, I'm going to take it. All right. I think Saks might too. He's not bad at trading either. Am I actually here now? Can I be seen? Sadly, right? Sadly. I was here all along, but no one could actually see me. I could see you. I could tell what was going on. But anyway, StreamYard was acting up and then I had to leave and come back, basically. And so we are actually here now. We are visible now. And yes, like Wake was saying, we have an exciting day today. And the logo thing, especially. Like, Uproxx here, Gerc's here, but the logo thing... Yeah. And you might have noticed anyone with a sharp eye might have noticed there was a there was a logo up top that shouldn't have been there. This logo is just like a tester logo. We're just trying out StreamYard's capabilities of showing a logo because right now we don't use a logo. We use an overlay. So this is actually an overlay. this is a logo. And so, yeah, that was just there to sort of see how it works and stuff. But yeah, we'll be going through all your submissions. Obviously, thank you everyone who submitted their logo that did cut off about an hour and 10 minutes ago. Some people squeezed in just before it, you know, it finished. And we've got a lot to get through. So yeah, we're excited to see everyone's logos. And yes, I'm excited to see everyone's reaction. as well. Oh, look, I'm bugging out again. What is that? Yeah, sex is rugging, but that's fine. This is why I'm here, boys. So, the Five Soul Challenge, get your trades in. Also, I believe that there's instructions in the thread, so go to Uplink's Twitter, check out the thread, and make sure that you're not breaking rules, because if you break rules, you're not getting any prize money, bruh. Come on, man. The FBI, so, do you guys remember back in the BTC ETF approval days, there was this erroneous tweet from the SEC official Twitter account, right? It turns out that the person that hacked the account is actually in full rogue mode right now, but that's fine. Can you hear me, though? Can you actually hear me? Yeah, I can hear you, yeah. Normally, right? I can see what's happening on the screen. It's like I'm slow motion. Can you hear me normally? It's messed. I'm going to leave StreamYard and come back. Crack on. Yeah, yeah, cool. So if we could take him down, thank you very much. So yeah, they've arrested the dude, boys. So there was actually, imagine being the SEC in charge of financial security across the US and having your Twitter account hacked. Coincidentally, on the day or day before of the BTC ETF approval. Now, did they hold BTC? I don't know. I'm not going to make conjecture here. That's not what we do here at Jupe & Juice. We just get to the facts. Anyways. We have a lot to cover today. So I really want to talk to the homie Girk. So let's bring Girk up. So Girk is a cat debt and cat culture, I believe, from Jupiter. He's a massive troll as well, which we're going to have to have serious words about. And he also does some work with Sandbar, which is a Web3 recruitment and networking app done by Soulbuckets. Soulbuckets cool guy. He also is an admin at Uproxx. So, Gerc, welcome to Duper Juice. Thank you. Pleasure to be here. Thank you. So why is it always my fault, by the way? I mean, if it's not my fault, then it's Wake's fault. So, like, I don't know. It's always my fault. I love it. I love it. I love to take the blame. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Garki, so tell me who you are. What makes you tick? What do you do on the weekends when you're not working for the boys? I'm working, mostly. And if I'm not working, I'm hanging with the boys, drinking, I would say, a little bit of beer. But it's not a little bit of beer. But drinking, gaming... Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So you hang out with the boys and you're from Sweden, right? Yeah. Svenska. Yeah. Yeah, Svenska. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Nice. Thoughts on fika? I love it. Like in my family, we do fika. Like when we travel, we fika five times a trip. Like we stop every half an hour and just eat snacks and shit. It's lovely. Which is your favorite? Is it cannabola that you like? Yeah, cannabola, cinnamon bun. Cinnamon buns, so good. Oh, my God. There's also like this vanilla cake, right? I can't remember what it is. It's like a vanilla cake with like marzipan on the top. Yeah, I can't remember the name, but I know what you mean. That's lovely. I love that. Angel cake. Yeah, you said it. yeah so our boy is swedish uh what games are you playing right now right now it's mostly god of war reign of rock or frag punk mostly and a lot of overwatch over what oh yeah yeah i have a bit of experience like looking at overwatch makes me actually nauseous now i can't yeah same i spent way too much money on overwatch Well, on skins? Accounts? Yeah, yeah. Nah, skins. It's so useless. No, it's trippy, bruh. So now that Sax has returned... Yeah, I'm just conscious of that, right? I want to just make sure. Am I actually back or what's going on here? You're back. Is it a phantom stream again on my end or am I actually here? So you can see me, I'm here and I'm not freeze-framing constantly, right? I keep moving around to see your reactions. and stuff to see if I'm freeze framing. So obviously you've been talking to Gerc without me. Gerc look welcome sorry you know we can't we can't plan these things because everything's done and everything seems to be working fine on the setup and then soon as we start there's always an issue so it's always like that though yeah it's always like that you can't predict these things but I know what it is and I know what I need to fix and it will happen eventually but we won't talk about that what we will talk will talk about is you gert and so obviously you're a coc a lot of people watching this show don't know what a coc is right they don't even know um what a cat of culture is so you're quite a new cat of culture right like you yeah yeah the latest one i believe Right. You are, you're the newest COC. Okay. So, cause I do remember you being one of the phantom COCs, like there was a phantom. Oh yeah. So, I mean, let's touch on that a little bit, right? In the past, there was a, there was a, there was a mass adoption of COC. COC is quite hard. It's quite a hard role to get right. And it's a very difficult one to achieve. Um, but there was someone who decided to give like 10 people, the COC all at all, uh, the role all at once. Right. And, uh, Unfortunately, that person wasn't really thinking about everyone else at the time, but that situation got reversed, right? And I remember seeing your name at that time and thinking, Girk's definitely a person that deserves COC. That makes sense. There was many other names on that list as well that still deserve it. Maybe they haven't got it just yet, but it's because it's a long process and it takes time, right? And so you're someone who has got it now, which is great. And you're the newest COC. And I just want to say to you, congratulations, firstly, for joining the ranks of COC. And what does it like? What have you noticed? What's the difference in being a cat debt and a COC? Tell me what you have felt through that. I would say I feel like a lot of people respect CoCs more than cadets. Cadets are respected, but they're still like red people, normal people. Against angives and trolls. But CoCs are still respectable members of the community. Few selected members. So I feel respected more, a lot more. That's good to hear, although I think like it's good that there's a respect thing but everybody should be respected in the Joopiverse. Yeah, good point. Yeah, I know. So you've just got Sirius-E and you've been working in Web3 for a while anyways but what got you to actually Joop? When did you join Joop? So I joined early 2022 I believe. because of Joop and then I left because I don't know I left for some point and I joined back earlier this year or late last year and just prepared for the Uprock launch at LFG so you were with Joop you were using Joop in 2022 yeah damn so you got a juicer of a drop right yeah it was it was a good drop To touch on your point about CoCs, right? When I became a CoC, I also felt the same. I felt like, okay, there's a lot of active people as cat deaths, but the CoCs are like... the active guys that are recognizable, for example. Right. And when I was like amongst, put amongst them, I felt like I had achieved something. It felt like an achievement, right? It felt like, okay, I've, I've done what I've done for this community. And now this community has recognized me. Yeah. I've seen it and said, There you go. There's your like accolade, for example. Here you go. You're a cat. You're considered a cat of culture. And every cat of culture, they're so nice, man. They're really nice people and really like interesting individuals. Obviously, we had a few of them on the show as well, as well as yourself. And it's like... I remember I always talk about this, my first time meeting WTP. And I never knew about the cat of culture role. I didn't, you know, at that point, I didn't really know how it was, but I just met this cool guy called WTP. And WTP was so nice to me. And he was like, he was like one of the first people to come in the voice chat. So me and Wake were very like vocal about getting voice chat so we could like do stuff with community members and just have that point of contact. Yeah. Like be able to like, yeah. With people can conversate with people and like it, there's a different level when you can hear someone's voice than when you just read a message in text. It's like really down to interpretation. And so when he spoke to me, I really felt like, wow, this is such a cool dude, man. This is like the type of person I'd love to see coming in this voice chat over and over, right? Because I'm going to be in here a lot. And then I found out he was- Was he a CUC back then? Oh, yeah. and then then i found out he was a coc and he was like an og in the community and everyone knew wtp but obviously i didn't right because i spent time in the voice that was his first time in the voice chat and so i was like okay that sparked my interest like who are the coc's like are they all like wtp is this like really a role that highlights people that i would resonate with and so yeah i always refer back to that and i and i've and i really felt that um becoming a CoC and going into the CoC fold. I know what you're saying though. It's like WTP sets such a stellar example for other people in the community. And it's nice that Gerc and Wick also got promoted at the same time. So what efforts do you think made you get the role? I believe I was like, I'm not the normal CoC. I'm the degen. I think that might have played a role, but then I'm, I would say I'm always rather active and trying to help at least. I have Guldi as an icon. He's, I can't believe it, he's always active. And you're also just bringing just general good vibes, you know? Yeah. Like, not everyone has to be, like, a technical support wizard or, like, a dev support channel maxi. People can just, like, bring their personalities, have fun, and be welcoming, and they'll get it too. So for those at home who are wondering, how the hell do I progress in the Juba social ladder? Although it's not a ladder, it's just a journey. Just be you bro, but be like the best you yeah be the best you you can be just like Gert was and just like we were We're not perfect. No one's perfect and the CFCs aren't perfect either So you recently got CFC you got a fatty Dupre airdrop But you said that you left briefly for to help with Uprock So tell me about that and like how you joined the Uprock team and so I can't remember how I really found Uprock but I I I believe it was a friend who said to join Uprock, it's an upcoming airdrop etc. And I joined and I became active and I got recognized by the team Raz and 2fun especially reached out and we talked and then I got offered a role as like not a moderator but a helper you can say, a rocketeer. And then I worked my way to a mod and now I'm doing most stuff in the discord. Bravo, sir. How is it? How is it like that? They're not here yet. And so just talk all the shit you want. Like, what's it like? Yeah. Yeah, I love it. Like, personally, I love it. It's like a second family. Like, yeah, it's Jupiter and Uprock is like next home for me. It's Jesse and Tim is like, lovely. I love them. That's a W. I can't wait to talk to them later on in Juke and Juice episode 23. And we spoke to you earlier a little bit in the voice chats. We were there preparing for Juke and Juice as we do every episode. And you jumped in and we were just talking and you said, you know, I thought you was full-time Web3. Actually, you work outside of Web3 and you work inside Web3, right? Yeah. So let's touch on that. Yeah. So tell us, how does that work? Right. So you're full time in Web3 and you also work outside of Web3. How does that? Yeah. What's the dynamic there? Explain to us. So I work from home. So where I sit now, I work from home. I do tech support for a big telecompany, you can say. And when I'm not working 9 to 5 I Discord and sometimes I have like my monitor is 49 inch ultra wide so I can have my own PC and the work PC on the same time so I can multitask as well okay so how the how do you game on a 49 inch TV it's lovely oh but isn't it like 60 Hertz No, it's 240. 240. It's 240 hertz. 49. Mate, that must have cost like three racks. Yeah, that must have been super expensive. It wasn't cheap, I can say that. That tube airdrop done you well. Yeah, it did. Gifts. I mean, yeah, I mean, I said it's a gift, right? And then people got gifts with them and, you know, he was happy to hear those stories, I suppose. And so I was, I don't know what you've done with yours, but it's that gaming monitor. Yeah, the PC. Yeah, there you go. And actually it helps you work, right? It actually helps you do what you're doing. Yeah. and you get to game and enjoy it as well so it's huge man yeah community first and it's no joke it's an actual fact yeah so have you got any questions well before you have another question has Kurt got any questions for us like we don't really ask our guests to ask us any questions I'm honest you're not important Wake but I wouldn't say the same for me what did you guys do with your jupiter airdrop back in 2023? So with my Dupuy airdrop, I tried to be smart and trade it, right? Which didn't end well. Then I brought back my dupe, basically, for more expensive. And then I hold it and I stake it now. So it's like, you know, I said, okay, there's a room of opportunity here. I've been given a certain amount for free, so I'm not really losing any money if I try to make more dupe out of this. And so I tried and I ended up not succeeding in my trade and just bought more jupes and, you know, got my old, my free juke back and just, yeah, staked it all. And that's what I done. Mine wasn't big enough to do anything with really, but I just staked it, bruh. It was like 600 jupes. So that's just in my staking pair right now. How about you? Other than your PC and your massive TV? I believe I tried to trade it. It did nothing. okay I sold half I believe bought a PC for built a PC for free to 4K I can't remember and then I'm monitor but I don't know that is state everything saved thank you thank you so much Jeep by the way like just a moment of gratitude for dropping nearly a billion dollars worth of tokens on the market just for using their shit dude it's like It's insane. It's absolutely insane. Like, yeah. When I tell people, they don't believe me, you know, they don't believe that this, this situation has occurred. And like, you know, I benefited, uh, you know, how much I did. I mean, I didn't get a ridiculous amount, but I, you know, it was in the, it was very healthy and, and, you know, very, very good. So, um, Yeah, bro. It's nuts, man. It's absolutely nuts. And actually, ASR, bro. It continues, you know. It continues through ASR and, you know, I think Soju said there's going to be a fun vote in the future, right? Fun vote. Fun vote soon. Fun vote soon. Yeah. Yeah, so I'm looking forward to having more fun, you know. It's cool. Have you missed any votes? No. Yeah, I've missed one. I mean, what do you take me for, bro? You'd think I'd miss a vote, man. Come on. Who misses a vote? Oh, wait. What happened? He did. I feel bad about it already, mate. Come on, bruh. We've got to take them shots when we can, man. Have you missed any, Gok? No. I don't think so. Nine of nine. No, of course. Of course. It's the only way, bro. It's the only way. 100% is that it. Yeah. So 8 Pro out today. Have you tried it? I haven't yet, actually. I've been trying to hold my money. I have some alpha for you. If you use this, you get 10% off your 8 Pro fees. But I will do that. Well, let's give some context. Let's give some context. Before we just start sharing codes. I mean, why have we got that code? What is that code? Let's talk a little bit about that. So, funnily enough, we've had alpha access to 8 Pro. And so we've been working on it. you could say closely to give a perspective of a user giving some what would what would irish call it user-based feedback what was it yeah user-based feedback yeah it's just like ux yeah we're just giving like feedback that's literally yeah yeah and so obviously we are a working group and we work for the jupiter dao and actually joe has seen our efforts and uh and uh you know, given back essentially and said, you know, here's a, here's a, I can generate you guys a code. And what, what is, what's the purpose of this code? Like, how does it, how does it work? So, um, the code, I only put it up like for like two seconds, cause I actually don't want anyone to act on it right now. We're going to roll it out properly, but, um, so the code gives the user 10% off fees, which, which is like 0.5%, which is actually 50% cheaper than other bots already. Usually bots are 0.1, but this is 0.05, so that's pretty nice. That's crazy. Yeah, we have one that will probably go towards funding giveaways and equipment for the pod. Well, yeah, so they use the code. They get a discount. Actually, we get a kickback for them using the code and it helps them support us. And actually, that would actually allow us to maybe, who knows, if loads of people use it, we could actually get some funds into a wallet that we can do giveaways with. So that's essentially it. Obviously, we're not rolling it out now. probably would have been better to share the code when we explained all that stuff, but we're explaining it after sharing the code. But there we go. So that's it. It's a referral code. So that's it. That's literally it. I don't think there's going to be many, but maybe there is. I don't know. I don't know how. No, no, no. There will be. So it's actually going to be public soon. It's in beta. So you'll have to have a Gurki referral code pretty soon. Yeah. Just cool. Have you tried... I have, I was in the mobile testing. So I've done that a lot. I love it really. But I'm on Android, so I can't use the full app. Oh yes, it's not out yet. It's going to be coming soon. I think we did a DeFi Jupyter Jam at the beginning of the week when Ben Lee came on. He was saying that Jupyter... team because I think they're separated in two parts. It's like an Android team and there's an iPhone team and the iPhone team is far bigger than the Android team and so they're slightly behind because their workforce is slightly smaller but they're going to be getting there in the next few weeks or something so Android guys, news for you is coming soon so happy days. Android users, come on bruh. I mean upgrade to an iPhone or something bruh. Come on bruh. It is what it is. I mean, you know what? To be fair, Android is sick and so is iPhone. But the thing is, it's like I'm trapped in the Apple ecosystem now. You know, like I can't move away from it because when I try to use an Android, I'm just too like... I'm bot-fied by Apple, so I just can't handle it for some reason. It is what it is, but I do respect the stuff on Android phones. I think they can do way better stuff and more stuff. Actually, it's probably less centralized. More composable, more modular. But, Girk, you're unfortunately an Android user, but you are a PC gamer, so that's a W on you. Console gamers, who would ever play... Girk, what's your take on console players? I have both. Thank you for being a reasonably, I knew you as a smart guy, to be honest. And so your response would always be a reasonable one. I've heard a lot of waffles out of Wake's mouth regarding this situation. I grew up with a PS3. Yeah. Moved to PS4. Haven't bought my PS5 yet, but I'm moving next month and I'm getting a PS5 Pro then. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. That's what I was going to say to you. You're going to go get the PS5 Pro. And of course, like an intelligent young man, you're you're making the right move. And so, yeah, so, but why don't we get the Uprock guys up as well? Because Girk is like one of them. And so they can kind of join in in this conversation and we can transition over to the Uprock stuff and we can say bye to Girk. But I think it makes sense to have them up here because there's a dynamic here. Yeah. So let's pull them up. Let's bring up Jesse and Tim and let's have a little chat. Hey! Hey! welcome to jeep and juice guys thanks for having us yeah you're welcome so um for the boys and girls that don't know you obviously we know you can you tell us which is jesse and which is tim i i know the one on the right is jesse the one on the left is tim is that right yeah jesse right tim we have to we actually have the same mother and same father i don't know if you guys can tell smile real quick bro skis So you're actual broskies. And you're doing this together in the same vicinity, although you could have done this separately as true brothers would. You was like, you know what? Yeah, let me drive around to your house and we'll do this together side by side. Actually, to be honest, my brother just had a better camera and mic. Yeah. older brother i was like let me get in on that man i'm not trying to look pixelated yeah that's a fair that's a fair that's a fair point to be fair you gotta look good when you come to jupin juice that's right i only get one shot one opportunity i better i better do it well yeah oh yeah yeah yeah jupin juice right let's go yeah that's it my juice is in the fridge i need to go get my juice i need to go get my yeah there you go hey let's go this is a vibe i introduced you guys earlier you already discord uh messaged you um you only gave raz and tupan a shout out like what about me you say i mean you saved yourself because you said that me and my brother were like your fam so like you saved yourself but like you didn't dm me russ gave me first so he's like yeah that's fair that's fair This is neutral ground, Gok. You can be honest. Don't worry about it. You can be honest. Cook them. Cook them live. By the way, you guys inspire us with your fucking intro song. Yeah. We're like, damn, we need a song. Yeah, really. So who did it for you guys? Yeah. Oh, that's the boy Irish right there and Doc Pre-Balling. I don't know if you've heard of Doc Pre-Balling. There he is. There's the man himself. That was fucking awesome. Really. Yeah. Let me do the ad-lib. A little nerdy, but good. No, it's lovely. Of course. If I could just make a request, if I could just do a couple ad-libs, like if I could just be in the background, like, yeah, yeah. Ah, yeah. We'll be making another version of it, yeah? You never know, yeah? We could definitely get you. We can make that happen. Yeah, we could. Why don't you Can you drop us the intro bar live, Irish, whilst you're here, if you don't mind? Yeah, let's do it. All right. You know what time it is? Jupe and juice time, baby. You know it's jupe and juice time for the Jupiter DAO. Educating cats here is something profound. We're here to talk facts with enough to go around. We got proposals to discuss before we vote in the DAO. Get your jupe locked in and be ready to vote. There's a flood of information, so make sure to board the boat. Decentralization is the Jupiter dream. Big players in the game, and we're picking up steam. That is what is up. I always knew this episode was going to be fun. These two boys are characters, man. Man, honestly, that was great. I don't think I could do that on the spot like you just did. Yeah, that was awesome. It would just be like mumble rap. That's because Irish literally sings that song a hundred times a day while we're working. The thing is, it's like one of us will be like, Cupid Juice Now. And then it was just Iris. It's usually just Cupid Juice Time, baby. And that's it. Cupid Juice Time, baby. I always knew this episode was going to be fun. It's the heart-shaped sunglasses. It's like a precursor. It's a vital precursor. I know Iris saw us in Singapore. Everyone treats you nice when you wear this shit. Yeah, the life hack is great. So, Gok, what's it been like working with Jesse and Tim? I love it, personally. It's great communication, great guys, great team overall. Love the product. So it's a 10 out of 10. Yeah. Make sure you pay him after this. Yes. But for that, I'm actually, which one's your favorite? Like the position to his wallet right now. This is actually a paid promotion. Yeah. Which one's your favorite, Gerk? Don't worry. Seriously, it's actually the feeling's mutual. Like, Gerk is so active and he's... I think people don't also appreciate his sarcasm. People think sometimes he's trolling, but like... after I've got to know him, I know the way he, the way he's saying what he's saying, he's not actually trying to be mean or rude or anything. And sometimes he does put his foot down, which I really respect because you know what? Like some people are just evil people and they just want to like fade you all the time. But like, he's so good about like just being there and in the trenches. Yeah. Yeah. A hundred percent. And so we, we appreciate her. You know, that's our, our man, 100 grand for sure. Yeah. I've seen it too because it's actually how I got to really be friends with Kirk was just through the launch and stuff like that, there'd be little bits of FUD and all that type of thing and he'd just go from troll to semi-troll, semi-serious to like, alright, now I'm serious. It was great. It's a true beast of beauty story. Yeah. So let's talk about Uprock, right? Because you obviously ran through the LFG launchpad with Dupre, which is just enormous for any project. But what was that process like from getting the approval to do it to it launching? How was that? I bet it was hectic during the whole... Well, I would say here's the big thing, the biggest thing. We've had two startups before this one that we sold, so that was great. But both of those were kind of on the edge, like products that were – Like not mainstream. So the first one was an adult app store. We actually, it was like porn apps, essentially. Like live cam, adult entertainment, essentially. It's like HBO versus Disney. Because all that stuff is blocked from the app stores. But because of that reason, we couldn't actually use MailChimp, PayPal, Stripe, App Store, Play Store, Google, none of it. All of it's blocked. And so, you know, we love the internet. Like, really, like, we're just early adopters with everything. We just love it. And we saw this version of the future that's happening on the internet where everything's being blocked and censored. And so we started to gravitate to our people who are coming up with alternative payments or uncensoring the internet. And you just kind of, so like that world tends to overlap with the Web3 world very early on, you know? And so, and I'll get to why this matters with how we did with the Jupyter Launchpad. because we had to be so organic with how we grow the community because there's no funding in adult entertainment or adult world. And so we had to build our own traffic. We had to do a lot of forms, like just build a community online. And so we did that. But and, you know, I don't know about you guys, like a lot of people are not really like one or most people are shy, like most of our team is shy. And it's not it's really hard to like get the small team to like, hey, post shit online. And so that was kind of experience of that. And then Jupiter launchpad was like a hundred times that because we had to be always online 24 seven. Like we have to respond the entire team and it was great. It was like a good forcing function. We had to all learn like the entire team, even the down to the shyest person got active because like they were they someone would talk about a feature and that that that person be like that's my feature so then they want to they want to explain themselves and talk and like everyone really got active and that's the only way you win on those kind of launch pads and jupiter did it awesome because i don't know you guys i i participated personally and you did too right like on finance launch pads and um yeah me too other program usually it's like this is this simple you just buy token They don't even tell you what it is because, you know, quiet, you can make money. I actually, no hating on that, but you just, that's it. The Jupyter Launchpad was about interviewing the founders, what the fuck the product is, what's the tokenomics. There's a whole Discord channel about each company. Jupyter had a whole forum too where people ask questions all the time. It was awesome. It was amazing. And also, I'd just like to add to that because it's like, you know, that kind of interaction is really nice because even though we have a roadmap and we think we've really mapped it out in such a way that this is going to be the thing, like, there's so many gigabrains out there. There's so much collective brainpower out there. There's some questions that were asked that made us think like, oh, maybe we need to revisit this or, oh, maybe this is something that, okay, this guy's onto something. So it was really great because it made us question our own roadmap and really forged it and refined the process for us. And that was really helpful for that. So that was really nice getting that feedback. It's not static. It's like dynamic. Yeah. Yeah. That was cool. And then, and then We, uh, and then we were inspired by, um, like i don't know when jupiter started their live stream but i think it was pretty recent too with akash and meow and i think you know they were saying like oh man can we do it every week do we have content every week i remember hearing them say that and they do it and this they nail it right and uh we started building audience through the online like you know i don't know if you guys know i mean you guys know this in crypto it is horrible but yeah everyone charges you for everything like Like this is annoying. And especially when you're a startup, like last thing you want to do is spend all your startup money on fucking ads and trying to get attention. So, yeah. So the fact that I'm like, Hey, we've got a few thousand people watching every week. Let's build our own distribution. Let's build our own channel. And, uh, and we were nervous to commit to it, but we do it now, you know, every Thursday we do our live stream on Thursday. and the whole team now rallies behind it because every Thursday we're like, hey, where are we going to show off? What are we going to do? How should we communicate? Everyone shows up. We all kind of rally. And also that helps us get on a really good cycle. It's actually a driver. Because we want to make sure we have something cool to share. It's really good to commit to something like that. Actually, that's actually something that I'm struggling with right now because I'm like, I need to commit to some deep pioneers calls. I know I need to do this. I tell him all the time. He tells me all the time, like older brother shit. He's like, yo man, just do that shit. I'm like, yeah i'm gonna do it i promise but yeah but no the great thing about it is it really pushes you to move the needle forward right because it's easy to get complacent or it's easy to get bogged down but the thing is those weekly live streams really help you refocus and and uh give yourself purpose for that week right and so yeah it's fun yeah like at first it was stressful but we really love it it's like it's fun like like right now it's Yeah, this is great. I love that when I messaged them, I was like, do I need to prepare anything? And they were just like, it's free for me. I was like, let's go. I like it. Let's go. And hopefully we'll get on to the live stream of you guys on one Thursday. uh soon yeah yeah we're definitely doing that yeah yeah that i think it was planned uh in the past but i think we uh we went to sing no yeah we went to singapore or something or there was we were double booked or there was a situation where we we couldn't uh make it or something but i mean yes yeah i like it yeah I don't know. It's actually a memory issue rather than a flex issue for me. I can't remember, but I just remember us planning to be there and planning to hop on Jupe and Juice afterwards. And then something happened that just made it impossible. It was like we had four bookings on the same day and it was like, we're not doing that. Actually, I think it was our fault. It wasn't your guys' fault. Me and Jess didn't figure out UTC times. Yeah. whenever someone says hey i'm utc plus that's my phone whenever i get a utc question i think i ping gert and i'm like hey man somebody wants to have a call with me at this utc time can you map it out yeah yeah and so he helps schedule things so it's not actually we're not fading you at all it's actually probably us we just didn't understand Yeah, that's a fair point, man. I mean, we're in the UCC hours and we still mess it up and I always go to Irish to get the Hammer Time stuff because he uses something called Hammer Time which helps massively. Yeah, I do that too. Yeah, so it's pretty good. Yeah, it's pretty good. But yeah, so speaking about dPioneers, you mentioned dPioneers, right? So is the call around dPioneers or Uprock or both? How does it work? What's the dynamic between dPioneers and Uprock? Is it the same thing? Is it separate? I know one has an NFT connection, one has a token. Explain to us how that works, that dynamic. Yeah, separate. Yeah. So... Uprock is obviously our main company. That's the mobile first deep in Onslaught. I think it's the fastest growing one. We get like thousands every day installs organically. We don't pay for advertising. We have 1.8 million installs a day. And when we were first starting, we really wanted to build relationships and community. And so the idea was like, what can we do to like just talk to other companies? Cause like we would do interviews and spaces and constantly people wouldn't pin us against other deep ends. And I thought like, well, Why do people say, how do you compare to graphs or render? You know what? Those aren't our competitors. We're all like small five compared to the real competitors, which is Google and Facebook and the ones that are centralized. You know, really, that world. And then the AI things come in, and it's also going to eat our lunch if we don't marry Web3 principles to it. Because AI is so convenient. When something is so convenient, we already know this, we give up all our privacy to it because it's so awesome. And AI... it's happening you know so um so we thought we need to as a as a startup in the deep end space let's be a leader in like building community how can we do that the best and so first thing was like for fun like let's just actually change our profile pictures at least how about that yeah and we looked out there and it was like not there was nothing to represent deepen as far as like uh avatar which is like that's crazy if so if we don't do it i bet someone else will do it exactly so So that was kind of the eureka moment. Like let's have a cool NFT collection 'cause NFT is like smart contract, but really represents like a membership card to a community that you believe in and stuff. And then from there, we're like, it can't just be our token. Then that made us think further. We should, you know, we've seen the fractionalized NFT thing on Ethereum 404, but that's still just one token fractionalized. Like, this whole point of this, like, is community building. Let's make a hybrid NFT where you can have multiple tokens in one pool. Exactly. Like the ETF. And so when you purchase one NFT, now you're exposed to many cool projects. And then as an NFT holder, you get perks from many projects. So that's pretty bad. And, and also it's a vehicle for us to communicate, talk to other defense, like, Hey man, join our doubt. You know, I guess it's actually been really awesome for us to go to conventions and say, Hey, we have this community that's really into the defense space. We would love for you just to join our doubt. Like that's a, It's an easy win to be like, hey, just want to work together. We have probably overlapping customer base and user base and community. Let's just work together. We're not going to charge each other like the other Web3 people do. You be on my space. I'll be on your space. We'll do our own podcast. Let's just amplify each other. Give each other link juice. Let's go. That's the power of it. Then that DAO is starting to take a life of its own. Kind of like how Jupyter as when, Koken, you know? When came... jupiter but when is that its own thing now you know yeah it's like it's great and that can be that those guys are running when coin and that community is its own thing but obviously like they get a lot of support from jupiter it came from there but that's how that's i would say that's a very similar relationship between uprock and deep pioneers like we want to create this dial today you know i mean yesterday it was formed by us but today we wanted to be like nice on the round table you know like everyone help out yeah and uh that that's that's it yeah yeah definitely yeah i think the only thing i would add is like you know we'd love to become the the like the deep end hub right where um if you're experienced you've been in the game for a long time you can be there and you can still find value but also for the person that's web 2 just coming in you can join the DAO and fast track your into like, not just like a deep end, but web three as well. But I mean, obviously we're deep in focus, but you know, we just, we want to make it really inclusive. We don't really like this. Like, you know, you guys talk about all the time, like Jeep always talks about it, this PVP stuff. That's not where we're about. We're, we want to community. We want to grow the pie, like Dubai. And so that's kind of like the mission there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And it's been fun, man. Like, giving doing nft giveaway just it's just it's um it's a it's awesome so that's it it's just it's a fun way just to meet people right and it's like great i i'll be honest like you know in our own like when i'm just like lurking through our own discord like there's so many gigabrains and the actually the collective brain power is amazing i learn so much every day just reading through threads right and that's that's what you want right and it could be from anybody it doesn't matter if you're a chad with like a uh you know a company that's worth like a billion, whatever, it doesn't matter. Like any, like some that I've never heard of just in there, he just like dropped knowledge. I'm like, Jesus, I never even thought about that. That's amazing. Right. And so that's like the alpha, right? It's that community first aspect. It's that learning from everybody. It's that like trying to really make this like, this culture of like not being against each other, but it's like, hey guys, let's come together. Let's collab together. Let's build something that's bigger and better than us. And at the same time takes some things from web too. 'Cause they got a really string to hold on a lot of things, right? But yeah, that's what it is about. So from LFG launch to today, there's been some bits and bobs that people have been talking about, but there's also been some FUD vectors that you guys have handled from the start to now. What's that been like handling the FUD? There's always fun, man. That's the crazy thing. You know what? You give out free stuff and people... People hate free stuff if it's not a Lambo. It's like, yeah, man. I would say, you know, the one thing that was interesting about our lunch And I'm so proud of it because we wanted to have a fair community launch. But it was the first time in history in crypto where we front run the bots and we worked with the Meteora team. And yeah, and so if you guys don't know, I'll give you some context. In every single launchpad, every single token, you guys don't realize that there's just bots out there. sniping and constantly just programmed to front run you. And they're so much faster than a human. So they just, they really, all that volatility, like a lot of it's just bots and algorithms and they'll front run you, they just know. So especially when a new token launch has hyped That happens. So the first purchases is the bots will just beat all of you because they're just faster. No human can beat it unless you have the wherewithal and the infrastructure. But the first purchase is all bots, really. And then you just dump on retail. That happens almost, I mean, honestly, I think 100% of the time. You just can't beat it. And then that's okay. So what happens if it's really hype, then the community will offset the bots and it'll be fine. we said, hey, let's do something different. Let's guarantee that the first transaction on the curve, on the blockchain, the first transaction is actually the community and let's eliminate the bots. from even participating um and so we did that with meteora and which is a kind of like the same co-founders of jupiter and and uh so we did that so it's alpha let's call up they call it the alpha vault and we put and everyone to purchase the token on the first the guarantee the community got the first transaction yeah front run the bots yeah so we brought up the secret to the gun yeah now If you're a founder of a company, we're thinking like, fuck yeah, this is great. The only reason why we're here is community. So let's do this. This is the best way to launch it. That sounds great. But we did too good of a job. Too good of a job. Too good of a job. So hindsight 2020, what happened then, which is really interesting because we're the first one to do it, we eliminated all incentives for any bot to even participate that day. And so we killed trading volume. We just created, we trade, we, we killed speculation. Yeah. All that. It was gone. So it was quiet that day. It was a weird chart. No one understood it because it was the first time ever. And it was the first time ever. And so we had to explain, like, yeah, no, the boss don't want to participate. And so whether you hate him or like him, you know, kind of sad truth of it is, we are very humans are very uh we're very emotional and we like to see action yeah that's true and there was no price action so we got a ton of fun for that yeah so like everyone was like hey how come there's no action here yeah he's like well because we killed we purposely killed it yeah because we wanted to communicate a good price so now we think back and like how silly is that um So anyway, we went through that and at the end of the day, we still stay focused on building good product, building community. I don't care about the FUD. We're going to do a live stream. Like we said, we're not like, Like, we're not very good at that, but we're going to do live stream every fucking Thursday. We're going to stay engaged. Let's go, you know? And we did that ever since, even after TGE and after LFG Launchpad, we're not going to shy away. Let's just continue to communicate, just ship and build. It's not our first rodeo. We built very complex mobile products before we sold them. We know how to make products that people love. So let's just continue to just focus on that and communicate and have fun. But yeah, but the token side, this is our first token we ever launched. So it was a learning curve for us. We didn't know. We thought that would be a good idea. And it turns out, I don't know. If I think about it again, I think maybe I would still do it because I like the idea of just communicating the best price first. I don't know how you can argue against that. But maybe it would be logical. I don't know. You know what I mean? Like, I'm not sure what else we would do. I think I'm still happy and proud of what we did. Well, now that we know what happens, we just communicate like, this is probably what's going to happen. Yeah. Just maybe. That's the fair, that's the fair start. I think you can actually have. And, you know, like FUD is hard, but like also sometimes FUD is okay. Especially if you hear the same thing over and over, because it still makes you reflect. Yeah. No matter what, even if it's a lot of BS, but if that's, if that's sentiment, We all know sentiment is what is actually true, even if it's not true. So if it is that, then you have to adjust accordingly, right? You have to push back in a different way, right? Yeah. So even if it's not a true thing that people are saying, but if it's a resounding thing, then okay, that's fine. Then we need to do better. Somewhere we need to do better, whether it's communication, whether it's execution, whatever. So it's fine. Yeah. And- you know so the thing like longevity yeah yeah longevity I like that that's the vibes that's the vibes we keep building through the FUD it's literally like we've all been through bear markets together you know what it's like but you know I think I think Uprock opened at like 73 mil FDV, I think. And then over the day one to day two, we saw 40 mil. So that cell pressure, that was, in your opinion, mostly due to the measures that you took to stop bot participation? Or were there other things also, other factors that... So that's one. And then the other one is actually very important for D-PIN companies in general. And we've said this from day one, even to everyone we talked to since the beginning. We think D-PIN is powerful because it is the world's best reward program in the making. In the Web3 space, you have to buy something first to get a reward back in the web 2 space the underlying business model is the resource you already bought which is a phone or something you know some resource the bandwidth of compute you buy this thousand dollar phone and you only use three apps right and just sitting there and and people know the data is new oil and oh by the way this app you saw it for in one minute you can start making some money back cool right that's why saga phone's cool too uh so but But you make it so easy to earn. Like all deep pins, if you look at their websites, they kind of stop short. They say, hey, download our app or buy our sensor or whatever and make it so easy to earn. And then that's it. That's the whole plan. Yeah, that's the only incentive. That's it. Just to earn. There's no utility outside that. Yeah. So if that happens, what's going to happen? Just sell pressure all day long because you just want to earn your token and cash out. And so now, so we, I think how we maybe stand out from all the deep ends, we from day one thought, I know this is going to happen. We're going to make it so easy to earn because we're really good at mobile and we got to make it really easy to also use those tokens, get more bang for your token. a swap and make it as easy as jupiter exchange right now you can swap upt for uscc and cash out no no we want you to swap usc uh you eat for your phone bill we want you to swap upt for your mobile game or subscription we need to make it under two taps and when you exchange it for that and you pay for actual product on your phone not only do we get more revenue from there, actual cash will pay for the liquidity. Because our tokenomics, go to uprock.com slash tokenomics. We use every revenue to buy back UPT, to buy liquidity and deepen our liquidity pools. um and that this is what matters so like you need to actually have a deepened program not just make it easy to earn but do something useful right and i think that's where some of the cell pressure came from is because even though we had but we got on the road map and we were working on those type of deals also the infrastructure around those deals but we had to launch with jupiter yeah we had to launch with jupiter first and those things weren't in place so the only thing people had to earn it okay we earned it we're going to cash it yeah instead of earn it spend it in a meaningful way or stake it you know like that's normal thing we didn't have staking right if you go to uprock.com right now you can't even buy upt on our own website so that's coming out this week right right we have fiat on ramps we can actually buy but think about that so today we are really good at mobile and the onboarding is slick we're going to do the same thing for being able to make your UPT more useful and get more out of your earnings. We had a time with Jupiter because they launched and we're like, we're not ready for all this stuff, but let's fucking go because this community is awesome. Let's just capitalize and launch it. That's what happened. Jupiter moves ultra fast. I saw that you guys are implementing, you've already implemented it, right? Phone bill deductions with UPT. Excuse me? Oh, airtime minutes? Yeah, airtime minutes, something like that. So that's something that's on... Well, that's something that we're actually working on right now. So we'll start with Turkey. We're going to start with Turkey. One of our co-founders in Turkey. We can get a good deal there. And then we also... When you have a lot of installs, like over a million, you can get really good deals on actually anything. And we're going to start with mobile-centric offers. So obviously, like topping up your phone with airtime minutes or gigabyte. Data. Yeah. Things like that. That's cool. Yeah, that's cool. So it gives more purpose than just like cashing it out. You can just earn something for free just for sharing something that you already have, hardware that you already have. You earn something for free and then you get essentially cash it in and get a discount on your monthly bill. What it amounts to, you know? So do you think that if the launch wasn't so speedy and you had staking and utility out, the chat would be different? of course it would be like a lambo of course it would be but honestly we'd rather just rip the band-aid off and move on there's no other time put it out there you know and also i tell you right now we had so much uh people say uh launch at a crazy price oh yeah yeah i was gonna i was gonna mention that yeah and we launched it at a reasonable price we could have honestly yeah um Because the hype was there. We could have. But we knew if we did it... Because every launch pad over a month, they all crash. That's just how it works. It's just how it happens, yeah. It always happens. And we just knew we'd rather have a reasonable crash and have a lot of room to grow and not have to explain ourselves for years. Like, how come you guys went so crazy and dumped on us? You know what I'm saying? Like, we... you know, the community gets upset with us, but like also like it dumped on us too. Yeah. At least we didn't set the price so high and then it dumps. And then it's like, everyone looks at us like, Oh, you guys front run, like front run it. You got Lambos and all this. No, we're all there too. We were there. We didn't front run anybody. I told you exactly how we're doing it. We made sure everyone got the same thing. And so we, we rather have this story of like, Hey, we, we had a good launch. nothing's crazy and a lot of room to grow. I'd rather explain, I'd rather every live stream explain how we're growing instead of apologizing while we're going down. Yeah. Yeah. No doubt. I heard that. I heard that. I think they apologize on the way down, you know, so that's no doubt. Yeah. But I think like having, having conversations like this, like externally, like you have your internal calls on your live streams, but having an external touch, um, And just like reiterating on the story is like mad important, bro. And you guys, you know, you guys have like a chunky treasury, right? Whether that's to like push the road back forward or actually that's a good question. So 95% is held by top 10 and like two wallets hold like 15 mil. I'm assuming that that is, that's utility emissions. is that is that the emission treasury or um i'm not sure okay i'm not sure what you bring here's what it is so there's obviously a wallet for the community because if you look at yeah just go to our park.com tokenomics half of our pool is for the get that and then the bigger the bigger wallets are for some of the pre-buyers so you know we got re-raised um we raised uh four million from borderless capital draper dragon animoka sabadao uh about 20 other kols and angel investors around the world they all got the same price by the way that the community got yeah okay um Right now, all those tokens are in the wallet. Some of them are all in the wallet. We've actually reached out to all of them saying, "Hey, we need to distribute to you." In Web3 space, you're you're you're like web 2 you only raise the money with like one or two people and uh it's pretty easy they want their tokens web 3 you have 30 people to chase down so like we just said hey guys want your tokens like come on so it's just a slow process you'll you'll see that one sorry you'll see that one wallet basically slowly got to funnel out over the next month yeah um yeah that's not all it is it's just because we have so many people and you know they're just it's a little different game with web3 so we just got to push it out there you know um um and then what's interesting about that even coin gecko and coin market cap they won't actually properly list our numbers until they see that pre-buyer wallet distributed. So we need to do that. We need to do that. So we order all our pre-buyers cases all the time. Like, hey, please, uh whether squads or whatever multi-hook signal you want please give let us give it your tokens because uh we're ready they're locked up by the way so but for the most part you know they are locked talking about yeah they're locked up yeah yeah they're locked up but that's the other thing we did we said no matter what happened we did not want anyone in the community we said this on jupiter launchpad we were very clear like the team and the vc and the pre-buyer and that even anyone who has participated everyone's gonna get the same price as community and um but also but because the pre-buyers get are buying so much volume of it we said we guarantee they're locked up no one's going to be able to dump on retail that was also part of the launch for sure so yeah so they're vested up and they have like a vesting schedule or they're locked into a cliff or something Yeah, investing schedule. Yeah. Cool. Talk to us about the grants initiative. So how's that working? with you guys, like, what's happening? Because, you know, in Jupiter, we're a very active community and we're, you know, heavily supported by Jupiter itself. There's lots of grants, initiatives where people are, like, encouraged to, you know, create, that's how we've ended up here in the first place because of, you know, because of the web cam. I'm talking about web cams, I don't even mean to be. LAUGHTER Come on, brats. It's what's on the mind because of what I'm looking at. But yes, no, that's how we've ended up here because of the working groups. I said webcams, not the working groups. That's crazy. Because of the working groups and, you know, the treasury we have in the DAO. And of course, we have grant systems as well now, right? Within the DAO itself. And so how are you guys, like, mobilizing these grants? How are you getting your community involved in initiatives that you are doing? Yeah, so... So we bootstrapped our network because it's token incentivized, right? So we have many millions of users around the world. And we also want to do the same thing on the B2B side. That's really the thing. And also, we have never hired anybody based on a resume. we only hire people based on your github repo or your or your x account um honestly every single person on the team we've never actually looked at the resume it's like are you are you building cool yeah and then we just want to know because like if you're hiring somebody i would say if they're not building something on the side then they're not they don't actually care about programming they just do it for the money you really have to be building something on the side i think and you actually like it you know and you like you like you like you actually love it and so and then what even a more signal of it you love it is you actually share shit in the world you put a you're confident put a github repo out there or you put an app out there you know so that's actually the best resume so like So a lot of times we'll just like, we need this feature. Let's see if someone's building something similar on GitHub. And if there's a little comment on the bottom of that open source thing that says, hey, buy me a coffee, then like, oh, that person wants to be reached out to. It's like, hey, man, you're awesome. I want to do more than buy you coffee. Can I hire you for something? You know? That is the best way to do it. So the grant program is a bigger extension of that. Yeah. It came from like... Like Roz is really great about Uproar community and he has this whole contribute to earn thing. And this is something like, you know, like, and this is like not a novel thing. Obviously we took a lot of play, like our playbook is kind of based off of dupe a lot, right? Like they're doing, and they're really successful at things and we see what other projects are doing and what's successful what's not successful so we adopt strategies from that and so it's like we saw the the working groups were like fuck this is a really great idea yeah and it also involves the community you know it's like sometimes we all get like tunnel vision we're in our own echo chamber and we need outside uh community members to contribute uh to further grow right whatever we're building right So anyways, Roz recognized this with a smaller group in the Off-Broad community and we talked about it as a team and this was like a big, seeing how it worked for you guys and seeing the success around that, we're like, this is something that we should do too. And so, yeah, so that's what kind of like the, you know, that's kind of like the genesis of that, you know, that idea for Uprock. But, yeah, so that's what that's around. So we got submissions. We keep it pretty simple. It's just a form. And, like, if you see something missing or you want to, like, just imagine if you had a network of people. of almost 2 million devices. What can you do with that? What kind of cool apps could you build? We kept it a little open-ended. So we get applications and then we're very engaging. So, you know, it's not like you just build by yourself. Like we want to talk to you and give you ideas. And also if you're new, then we can provide some mentorship. Like I said, it's not our first rodeo. We've been doing mobile programs large scale mobile platforms for over 10 years. So yeah, so maybe we can learn from each other essentially. Yeah, that's cool, man. Yeah. Let's get that link out to the people. Wait, wait, I'm sorry. Real quick, I want you to say what you want to say, but I want to just kind of pin this here because you asked before to Gurp, like, hey, here's a question. Nobody ever asks Jupe and Juice questions, so I do have a question that I hope to get feedback from you guys later. So I just want to pin it here because it kind of resonates with this idea. But, you know, like we were on the launchpad for Uprop, right? Yeah. but like you guys did the working group so i want to get your guys's perspective on the working group because i think that's an interesting story that maybe people haven't heard or maybe i haven't heard because i'm not like um as oh that's a good point you know like i want to know about that story too so just like let's pin it here i want you to say what you were going to say but i just want to remind like at the end can when the questions time come up i'd like to ask that okay yeah Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, uh, I'll go and go, go on. I thought, I thought we're going to answer it now, but we're going to answer it. I, I, I obviously love developer grants. I think that there's so many developers that need to get support. So, uh, ladies and gentlemen, if you are a developer, iOS, right? iOS and Android. Yeah. I was Android and desktop as well. Yeah. Yeah. We're on Mac OS. We're on Linux. We're on windows. Yeah. Yeah, so go hit this page up, ladies, ladies and gentlemen. Get involved. I'm just going to pin it as a banner. sax i don't know what you're doing but it looks very sexual sorry i'm just getting the dust off this mic man it's like it's annoying me i can see i can see it on camera and i'm like my mic looks dusty bro i ain't got a dusty mic my mic's fresh i just had to wipe it by the way sax your shape up looks so good ah thank you bro it's fire bro you do it yourself don't you mine is sick but i tried Yeah, my hair is thick. It's like a gift and a curse because it's good, but also it's bad, right? It's like I get really thick hairs on my cheeks and stuff and I literally have to tweeze them out. Like shaving them isn't enough. So I have to pull them out. That's actually how I shave. I just tweeze. I just one, like I'm done. Yeah. like full man shoe yeah that's it yeah yeah so at the bottom juicers check it out if you're interested in doing some work or just yeah or showing them what you've got cooking uh hit it up hell yeah i'll leave it up for minutes um and Yeah, I was going to say, before we move on to the working group question from you to us, is there like... Actually, no, let's just do that. Do you want to give your side to that first? Yeah, let me kick it off. So as you guys know, Jupiter moves fast. It's like what can only be described as an amazing and... It's hard to put it into words. It's just a lot. So me and Sax had been working on this for five months for no pay. And not that the reason was pay, but everyone wants money. But it's like from inception to now, it's taken like... you know several months of working in uncertainty like we didn't even know whether this was going to happen uh we had several ideas that just got flat out like node um not not by just you but also by the community and that's like that was really important for us because actually if we hadn't worked in public we wouldn't have known that and we wouldn't have um got the feedback that we needed to pivot and get where we are now but It's very, yeah. So like in like general, it's very fast paced. It's very fun. Yeah. Very fast paced. Very fun. But you need to, you need to manage yourself more so than I've had to in other jobs. It's like you have to look after yourself, take breaks. Yeah. And be very intentional with everything you do. So there's no guesswork. Yeah. And you need to be like, you need to be able to pivot on a dime, as I'm sure you guys know from previous startups, apps now up, pivoting every day. It's very scrappy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, exactly what I was saying, you know, that's why we kept doing live stream ourselves because it keeps us on our toes. Exactly. Yes. It's like alignment, that day to get aligned with the space, with the community. Yeah, right. Yeah. And having the community at your disposal is like one of the greatest things about this, right? Disposal. Well, maybe I'm using the wrong language. I said long language there. On your side. Yeah, the wrong language. But I mean, when you've got your, when you've got the, well, what am I trying to say? Community on your side, basically. I don't mean that. I mean, because some of them may not be on our side. No, no, no. This side is juice. This side is juice. Yeah. I think what you're trying to say is it was really great to get that real-time feedback. Yeah. Exactly. Whatever the feedback was, good or bad. Exactly. Good, you get into it. Bad, you get it there. Yeah. You keep doing that until your ankles are broken. Exactly. Exactly. And so having those people able, like being there at, and I'll say it again, at our disposal in terms of like them being, coming to us and saying, you know, you're doing this good or actually you're doing this bad and you need to fix this. Like you would probably have to hire a team of somewhat like consultants. Yeah, because market researchers, you know, yeah, like market research, a market research group to come and look at your stuff and then give you that feedback where these guys are there and they're part of the community and they care more about it than just someone you've paid, right? They actually want to see it succeed. And so when they're just there, you know, in the beginning, in the early days, I used to go back and like ask questions, especially from the COCs, the cats of culture that we spoke about earlier. After a drip and juice, the first thing I'll do is go to the chat at everyone and be like, you know, give us feedback on this show. Tell us what we can do better. What can we fix there? What was wrong with it? You know, tell us if there's anything with the audio or the quality of the cameras, whatever it may be, give us the feedback. And, you know, some guys who jump into the voice chat and talk to us for like, 10 minutes, 15 minutes and give us their lowdown or type a message or whatever, DM. And, you know, it helped me go from one episode one to episode two to episode three and constantly improve, you know, just not just what I was thinking, but what they was thinking as well. And so it's invaluable. Also, that comes with pressure, right? It comes with a lot of pressure and some people can't take that pressure and some people can take that pressure, right? Yeah. And so this whole working in public concept isn't for everyone, but if you can handle pressure, and this is what I said to Wake and Irish and Satchel so much in the early days, I said, pressure bursts pipes or pressure makes diamonds. So it's down to us how we absorb this pressure and what we become. We can even be the burst pipes and this is going to go nowhere. or we're going to become those diamonds and actually do what we set out to do. So it's really down to us. And so, yeah. Oh, no. Yeah, I was just going to add to that. Definitely. It's like trial by fire. And diamonds are forged under that type of heat and that pressure. Yeah. Exactly. You guys are turning up to be diamonds. Just show up. Yeah. Thank you, bruh. We're not quite there. We're not quite there. But we're trying. We're trying. That's amazing. I love it. Yeah. No, we appreciate you, man. We're going to work hard, bruh. We're going to just... And that's what it's all about, right? It's like, keep going and, uh, keep trying and keep pivoting. Like Wake said, experimenting and, you know, doing things wrong. You have to, you know, I say to Irish all the time, you've got to do, we've got to have 99 bad ideas for us to have one good one. Just got to get through those bad ones quickly so we can get to that one good group. Right. And then, and then make something of it. And so, um, you know, sometimes us, uh, working on things and like uh you know being critical of them it's just to get to that one good idea after all those different ideas that we you know fold and throw away and so um yeah but that's that's jjwg the largest dollar all crypto right probably i'm guessing uh yeah yeah yeah i think i think so i mean he's a beast i have a thing man i feel like i feel like um you know like band of brothers you guys seen that old show yeah yeah yeah i feel like anybody that's ever made it through a vote should get their own nft a band of brothers like a band of cat brothers that made it through the fire of what don't cats like they don't like a lot of things but they don't like cucumbers they don't like cucumbers for some reason but we know oh yeah thank you made it uh i know you're in there hey you know yeah drop a note let them know people that made it through the trials of fire and make sure it's built on the dpl 302 so it has some jupin winning that yeah exactly protocol please make sure it has uh yeah i was gonna say that's the protocol that's built deep on his nft right 302. yeah yeah yeah yeah those at home who that's the first time they've ever heard about token and an nft so there's obviously there's 404 there's hybrid but what's the difference between your 302 protocol and like any other hybrid NFT. Okay. Explain like I'm five. Okay. So, um, explain like you're five. That's an interesting way to put it. Uh, Okay, so the NFT is like a membership card, right? So you have obviously the rarity of the art. So we just love the art. We hired someone local here in Seattle, and I think he just killed it. And so his name is Eli. And we told him like, we want to do space cowboy cats, because deep in specifically, but Web3 in general is pioneering the internet. We're trying to build a better internet. Let's have some fun. And pioneering is cowboy, you know, the frontier. And what better frontier space? Nobody's been there. Like we're doing it. So there's that. And then that is that. And then, so there's the membership card of that. And because it's a, if you're okay, since you're five, this membership car is like, it's like a, it's a, it's a program. That program also enables and unlocks other cool features on the internet. So those could be, so for the discounts for different projects or access to cool things, a cool member to cool clubs online, all those kinds of stuff. And because it's a hybrid NFT, right? that means multiple projects can be involved like the etf like s p 500 so you can have multiple tokens when you buy one nft you're buying in your you're supporting multiple companies in this space but also those those companies are actually supporting the value of of your nft because it's backed by the that underlying asset so if you're five you have a membership card not only do you have milk you have apple juice you have cranberry juice you have all these juices you get the product backing your nft right so it's like But you have people working hard on your behalf, trying to change the world and doing cool shit. And those tokens represent the cool stuff they're building. And that's what's awesome about it. And so, yeah. So bottom line is like, the nft space was amazing it doesn't have to always be backed by stuff it can just be like you love the art like there's room for all all of it but it's it can be all of it we want we wanted to create a hybrid where you do d all the above you love the art too but you also want to have a little more resilient and backed by something so that long lasting because to be honest memes and asset coins have kind of come back, but NFTs have not. Right. Like that, it really was like a great last full cycle, but they're still like really down. And the only way to bring them back, I love the NFT world because like the fact that we're just, I miss it so much. AI future where AI art is like, costs nothing to make. I think people are going to gravitate to real humans making stuff. And, and so I really love the fact that like, like even with ai making art cheap we still support each other on patreon and nfts i think that's awesome so but we need we need other we need to we need to unlock more features so that it's a little more resilient i think yeah and i i think that's like actually what sets us apart from other nft projects and this is not like shade throwing out anywhere because there's a lot of NFTs that I have other than, you know, the deep pioneers cap. But the cool thing about it is it actually unlocks a lot more utility, unlocks a lot more liquidity options. But on top of that, there is something that's actually protecting the floor price of that underpriced underlying like that, that, uh, the NFT with underlying assets, right? Because like a lot of the NFTs are based off of speculation. It's based off hype. It's based off community. And that's where the value is actually driven. But with deep pioneers, well, well, yes. Yeah. But dPioneers, there's actually tokens backing it too. And we have an amazing community. I would urge anybody that's not familiar with dPioneers, get yourself a cute cat. They all need homes. Adopt one. Get in our Discord channel. Chat with the community there because they're amazing. They're brilliant. Like I said, I go into that Discord channel and I learn so much from the people that are actually a part of it. We get so many of the great ideas that we've... Even actually our DPL 302 protocol that we're really pushing... is kind of driven by the community, right? Because they share features with us and, and, and, and we, we take that insight and then we, you know, execute on that. And that's actually what really created such a great protocol for NFTs, which, you know, I would, I would also urge anybody that has an NFT collection. If, if, they want to drive more utility, more liquidity options for their collection, then just migrate. They'll migrate over. Here's a weekend. Yeah, like message us and we'd love to do that for you because It's written grammatically, right? So 302 is an actual smart contract that you can white label to other people. Yeah. So it's like, let's say... We have some functions... Yeah, sorry, interrupting. Yeah, sorry. We have some functions that enable with the smart contract. But yeah, essentially the idea is like it's a pool, it's a token pool that's backed by NFT. That's the smart contract itself. um and we call it 302. I don't know why Ethereum called it 404 because 404 means not found yeah there's actually one on Solana now as well there's a 404 on Solana too yeah I don't know why they called that we call it 302 because we call liquidity redirect found it yeah it's fine yeah that's why I thought honestly that's why I thought 302 liquidity redirect we found it 404 would be not fun I don't know why they call that um but yeah um but yeah so we can migrate anyone in a weekend um but just unlock it gives you flexibility to say hey let's say you have a partner and wants to be part of it our dial deepened uh we can d pioneers If the community wants it, we can add another token to the bundle or take it out. That's what's cool. You don't have to have it in there, but at least the contract from day one allows, gives you that flexibility. And I think other NFT space, in the NFT space specifically, there's RWAs and a lot of cool shit happening. I really think it needs to be innovated on to keep it going. No doubt. Yeah, no doubt. Yeah, there's no doubt. It's just those features like about the tokens backing, like multiple tokens backing the NFT. I mean, there's a lot of other features that we've actually, I say we, but the geniuses behind the scene like Tufan and Gune and Christopher and Ridvan, our whole dev team, they've actually put together and it's like, you know, P2P swaps. Actually, I think we're the first ones that did on-chain referrals. So if you have a referral and you share that link with anybody. If they purchase a DeFi NFT, they will actually get a kickback in Seoul. I mean, we actually even have a DeFi protocol where you can yield your through the LST. And so it's like there's a Things that we're introducing p2p swaps. Yeah, there's like, you know something that we're calling rarity swaps all kinds of things that we're building on We're continuing to ship products We're a brilliant team. But like there's a lot to benefit from this actually and like the we just but maybe maybe week and a half ago, we actually announced that like Base bet. I don't know if you're familiar with base bet but they're they're web3 online casino and They're actually they have a collection called Gatos, cool cats as well. And they're actually migrating over to our DPL 302 protocol because they want actually more of that form and function utility. They want to actually be able to have a give their community a more dynamic NFT with more use cases. And so this is really great for us. And this is something that we're shipping out probably this week. Right. And I'm just kidding. But yeah, we're going to be shipping that soon. And yeah, I mean, I think this is really great. If anybody's interested, yeah, reach out. Yeah, of course. So 302s, boys and girls. Uproxx. Redirected and found. There it is. There it is. And like really quickly, we've been yapping for a while. And I've also got a hair in my eye, all show. So I've been like, anyway, staking is live, right? yeah yeah okay yeah because um go stake your tokens ladies nfa nfa um yeah go stake your tokens um and uh go and get go and get involved in the grants process we've uh we've touched on the grants as well uh yeah go and get involved in the community uh that that you know it's not just the pioneers or sorry it's not just uprock it's deep pioneers as well it's it's like two separate things but it's also one thing at the same time because you guys are one team you're kind of pushing the same narrative it's deep decentralized infrastructure and it's a PPP movement from what I understand when it comes to it is the deep and down yeah nice of the round table join it all arms wide open let's go you know that's what yeah yeah And on that note, I think if there's any last words that you'd like to have, I'd say this is the best time to give that. I'm just conscious we're at one hour and 32 minutes and we haven't even started the logos yet. So I guess I'll say one thing first. I just want to thank you guys so much for inviting us to your show. when my brother gets together we can ramble a lot so we appreciate you guys as patients and just letting us off our book your top 10 yakis no we appreciate it from d pioneers here or uprock also they plugged us but follow jupin juice it's a good show yeah really fun good guys We are a band of brothers. We went through the trenches. We were born through fire. What does Bane say? Born in the darkness. We did it, guys. So anyways, all the love and support. Yeah. Because it's all about growing up. Yeah, we appreciate you. Yeah, yeah. that's it and vice versa as well if anyone isn't following i'm sure you up you guys are actually before you go that this is the most important question on the show and we haven't even asked him this far look irish was coming to like boys don't forget and so what's your favorite juice boys what's your favorite juice Like what kind? What's the parameters around that? Well, there's no parameters. Well, don't say tea. You can say tea if you want. My favorite juice is Jameson. Ooh. There you go. Whiskey. Irish. We're not Irish. We're half Korean and American, but like we love our Irish whiskey. So we're half Irish, half German blood. And, you know, so we love to um drink and sing it's actually in our butt yes in german but we but actually at this point from all the jameson that we've had in our whole lives we're part irish yeah Ireland has accepted you basically Irish like I said you met Ireland in here you're welcome anytime and on that note Girk thank you as well thank you and you know Jesse and Tim thank you like we appreciate you guys for turning up and having such a great show with us we appreciate you and so you know hopefully we'll see you again sometime and maybe we'll see you on your stream we'll probably see you there so appreciate you thank you very much wish you the best guys have a great weekend peace out and that's an important segue moment to thank the 1687 of you juicers that are sitting down with us on a Thursday night yapping live to your X feed juicing all the time Yeah, we appreciate you all for turning up and actually having the patience for us because we're yapping away, yapping away. We're yapping away. And it's not even over yet. You know, it's 1.35. It's not over. Yeah, we're still continuing into the later minutes of the two hours. It's a baby boy of a stream, basically. But it is what it is. We do have to get through these logos and we will do right now, I suppose. So let me get my Figma open. I think it was Figma causing me the issues earlier. So is it causing me the issues now? Let me open it up then, bro. No, no, it's fine, it's fine, it's fine. I think it was just loading up and causing issues now. I had a lot of windows open earlier. Let's get Satchel up. Let's get Irish up. Because, boys, you're going to be contributing to the feedback on these as well. Obviously, you are Jupe and Juice, as we all are. And there may be another team member as well in the future. Who knows? There might be someone joining Jupe and Juice. That would be fun. But we'll speak on that another time because we literally don't have time, do we? So anyone who submitted a logo, thank you very much for submitting your logos. We've looked through – well, we ain't looked through any really and truly. I've looked through them already. I've got them up here, and we're going to look through them now. We're going to look at them now together. Let's get this Figma on screen. I mean, now you've got it. There we go. And let me just let me change this orientation. Okay, just so people know, this is my workspace, right? This is this is my workspace. This is where the magic happens. Yeah, I'm doing it quickly. So no one can get a screenshot. But anyway, this is my workspace. Nice and clean, tidy, as you should expect. a Jupe & Juice workspace to be and for some reason there we go okay so logos guys we put out a bounty we asked everyone we asked yeah we asked people can you uh submit a bounty because we're we're on the search for a logo and today we're going to be looking at all your submissions um let Let me just decrease my streaming screen and give president to my Figma screen because that's what's important right now. Why don't we go full screen? No, because we want reactions. We want to see what people think of these logos. And that's pretty important as well. And so full screen, yeah. Not the way forward. Also, I'd want to get rid of these janky Figma freaking tools and stuff. Like, you know, I'd rather see that than see janky Figma tools. Anyway, okay. So we have a lot of submissions. Anyone in the chat who submitted a logo, please do comment and tell us what you think. So here we have one from our guy. What's his name? Boulder Pixels. Boulder Pixels. So actually, there's a funny story around Boulder Pixels because Boulder Pixels, we didn't even know... well i i got this logo from irish i think irish you shared it with me right yeah i dropped it in the discord you didn't take a note of who it was from and so we literally were scouring the internet trying to find you and then we found like about 20 minutes of scouring through our notifications okay so this is the first this is the first one we're looking at this is the first submission bolder pixels and i like the colors i like the idea the concept's pretty cool concept pretty cool yeah we've got like a jupiter logo there this is the same jupiter juice text here and yeah I mean it's good some people have submitted more than one some people have only submitted one so let's move on to so what do we think about this actually before we before I move on the concept's good I think we've like if we like sat down with him we could get it where we wanted it pretty quick Well, I mean, maybe I should explain what's the purpose of this. The ones that are definitely not going to go to... Well, okay. Let me explain the format. We're going to look at the logos. Four of them are going to go to a vote. And then three of those guys are going to get the bounty, right? 100, KUP, KUK. and 60 jup and 40 jup right but there's so many here that we have to whittle it down to four put that to a public vote maybe even five put that to a public vote and then they the public will decide who gets first second and third right uh and then you know we might go with number one's logo or we may take that logo for inspiration and move forward right so but either way uh the gentleman or the the lady who has created the logo will be rewarded for their efforts right and so if they're selected they're selected so number two we have um Alex for uh Alex at this well it's Axel it's Axel you know but this is his app on Twitter so if anyone wants to follow him yeah so it's actually nice so these four for Axel um top right looks good you like this one i like i like to write although it's not i don't think it'd be readable from a pfp yeah yeah that's tiny about it like the writing is so small but the box is nice Yeah, the box is fire, yeah. This is more readable. I remember Jupiter retweeted this one or something. Yeah, they retweeted that one. Yeah, and this one is more readable as well. That one's kind of cool just because it's the concept of an orange that's part... Peeled. Yeah, those ones that are just peeled in a weird way for art. Yeah, I like that as well. I liked how he done all that. Yeah, I think bottom right and top right are really good. maybe we adjust the the font on the text and bottom right well there's no adjustments now because this is going to this is going to get selected to go for votes the jupe and juice writing maybe that's on that left bottom one on the like a little so it's a bit bigger a bit more readable than across the you know like at the end across this yeah but you can't have your cake and eat it so I mean Yeah, so we keep moving. What is this metaphor? You're going to have a cake and eat it? Oh, I remember this one. This is cool. Yeah, so this was submitted by Franz. And I like how he gave us a little bit of insight how he came to the creation. Like he's got a cat here and a straw. And then he's used the Juke & Juice logo. And then this is what essentially he's... come up with, like because of the Jupiter logo. I like the use of colors. I really like this one. I think that's a contender, at least for the top five. And I also like, Franz, that you took the time to show us your process, your ideation process. Methodology, yeah. Yeah, a lot of people have submitted AI logos. We're obviously never going to use an AI logo, people. But this shows your thought process and the work behind it. Are we cute, though? Is Doof and Juice a cute brand? This one feels like we're selling pillows or cushions. It's a bit too cute, but it's so good. I just don't know where it fits. It is pretty cute. Yeah, this is far from cute and this is far from cute. You know what I mean? This one, I do like how it shows... Captures the podcast with the microphone type dealio. Exactly, exactly. But yeah, we've got to... We can only select five. And there's a lot, guys. There's a lot. The one on the top right is like a Halloween logo. Yeah. It's like goosebumps. I think it's supposed to be juice stripping, right? So this was... I had some data he put in work. I think he made like in the excess of like 10 logos. And I was like to him, you have to pick four, right? You have to pick four. And so these were the four that we, uh, I suppose went with. Um, and so there's, you know, there's a lot of, there's a lot of Jupiter themed logos. So this is just, this is, this is a Jupiter logo with some texts that he feels resembles us. I would say that I like the, and being a drink. That's, that's quite a cool concept here. Um, but yeah it's it's very jupiter yeah handsome deity thank you for your uh your your work sir okay this one um i'm uh okay so this one is this one is by clint's sea flow You can see the Jupiter planet here and swooshes and stuff. I mean, I don't know how much it works for as a logo. I like the concept. Yeah, without the writing, it can't really work. There's no text. Yeah, there's no text. I don't know. Maybe our text would go over this. That makes a sticker. That makes a good sticker, if you know what I'm saying. We could get that uploaded to Discord and use it as a sticker. um as a logo i'm not sure though but good good work good work uh this one this one also looks more like an image uh yeah than a logo i mean yeah this one i i like i don't want to brag but this one wasn't trying the guy who made this wasn't trying Is that how you feel Satchel? Tell him how you really feel Satchel. This is how I feel. It was an effort in this one. Unknown guy. He's so unknown. Even the art is... Is it unknown or is it a copy paste or something? Is there any comments coming up by the people that have created these? I'm interested to see if there's any comments from anyone. Axel is here. Yeah, he created the ones at the top. Yeah, Adele has been giving us feedback on all of these. Let's see some feedback from the community members. And then we have... Okay, so we've got here Jupe and Juice podcast. This one looks really good. This looks very logo-y. I do agree, this is very logo-y. And they implemented the mic and the juice box. oh below here you mean this no no the first one the the top ones these are mics and a cup of juice at the same time oh is that how you see it i just see two j's i get what you're saying it is two j's it's a mic and a couple of years this one's really good this one this guy put his effort he designed the logo so you like that one yeah this to me looks like an auto-generated logo That's what I thought when I saw these two. Yeah, when I saw these two, that's what I thought as well. How was his name? Enel. Enel. Let us know, Graf. I like the concept though. Like the microphone juice combo. It's juicy. All right. If we were green lighting some of these, which ones would we be green lighting? The hat from Franz, obviously. okay so we like that one yeah we green light franz uh so let's change his um let's change his name to green green light yeah yeah yeah you're right goddamn technology in 2024 boys right anyone else do we like border pixels no anyone else anyone else any takes i like older pixels Axel goes green. Axel goes green. So, okay, we're going to go green on these three, yeah? And then we'll keep moving. Axel is saying that he sent you another one, Sax. Yeah, I know. You sent me like 100, Axel. That's why. You've been greenlighted. Don't worry, brother. Don't worry. You've been greenlighted. My guy is getting greedy. He's getting greedy on the logo thingy. Okay, so let's... I respect Axel. let's um let's just cover these back up um actually on your screen you don't even see him do yeah that's fine okay yeah yeah yeah i'm just trying to keep it clean but yes on your screen you don't see him so okay yeah i yeah mealy monk uh actually dn me to uh dm me these uh a while ago actually like pretty much a day or two after it went live so he He was one of the first ones to cook. I actually like these quite a bit, man. I like the concept. Half a planet, half a juice. It's like a summer vibe. Summer vibes. Lemonade stands. Lemonade store. I'd probably play with the colours. I'd probably play with the colours. I'd probably like to make certain bits transparent and other bits non-transparent. I like these. I don't mind the idea. I would say less detail. less detail and thicker font on the bottom. Like if we took out the texture lines and then made the font on the bottom bigger, it would be a readable PFP. But like the concept as it is, is very cool. They're just not readable PFPs, I think. And there's also not a lot of contrast there either. So it's like, I'm not, it's all, it's like the glance, the glance is what I'm looking for. Like sufficient contrast to be able to read it from a distance. Okay. Yeah, they're just AI. These are AI, but I wanted to get second opinions on these because I felt it might be AI. So is this a consensus? Is this... Is this AI? This is AI? Yes, AI. Are you sure? Are you sure it's AI? Are you sure? Maybe I'm wrong. I'll tell you what's a big AI giveaway, right? These stars, man. AI always puts these little stars on... Whenever you ask for a planet, it always asks... It just follows by these stars around the edges. For me, it's the fact that the cat has two tails. Which one? Where's that? That's not two tails, that's a leg and a top cat. There's a long leg, right? There's a long leg or tail. That's not a leg because that's a tail. And then there's just another tail at the top. Yes, yes. Yeah, you're right, you're right. Unfortunately, that looks like... Can't we just ask the creator? We're stupid out here, buddy. So Jerry, I think this is Jerry, Jerry, Jerry, Jerry, this is Jerry. I like these. I don't know if these are mixture of a like this one looks a bit AI, but also looks like this one looks like zero. Mojuju. Yeah. Mojuju. Mojuju. So but these don't look like AI. These look like they've been made by him himself. So I don't know. Maybe there's a mixture here. I don't know. I'm not sure. I won't call this AI. This is probably some sort of... uh logo creating something or something yeah the one on the bottom left it reminds me of like an american uh dive bar you know what i'm saying i would go to that bar and i listen to like live music vibes i like that yeah or like a motorcycle like gang fire with like exactly yeah with the leather jacket and the yeah boxes and all that Good, but see, Adele knows it, bruh. Go down. I think... Okay, we keep... They're saying AI. Wow. Oh, who's this? What's this, bruh? Yeah, these are just... These are trash, bruh. These are AI, obviously. Yeah. He's a blatantly AI. Sorry, guys. These are AI. I mean... Oh, this is Sax. Sax submitted. Yeah, I don't want to... These are the ones that Sax has done and we've entered him in because he's a homie just like you are, guys. Yeah, listen, guys. The thing is, I'm not eligible for the dupe, right? I've submitted my, because I'm a creative, I like to create shit. So I've submitted mine and I've even fucked them up when I've submitted them because look, this is out of the edges and stuff. But you get the point, right? So these are my submissions and I've taken less care with them than I have your submissions, right? And the thing is, the point is I can't win the Jeep, only you guys can. So if I get put in the top five, it will just make it a top six. and uh you know i can't win anything so even if i've won it's number two would would would get number one spot my favorite is the top right give me some feedback what do you think of these what do you think of these boys the ones on the right are so good i like i like the color screen of the bottom right look how good that looks on the top right i like the top left one I like the colour scheme of the bottom right to go on the top right. Those two, if they were blended. I don't know if anyone can tell. What the fuck is this? Can you guys tell what this is? Can you tell? Maybe in the chat. Tell us what you think that looks like because I hope you think it looks like what I made it look like. like anyway we'll move on from mine let's see who's next I think the the ones on the left are too busy for a for a brand mark I think the ones on the right absolute bangers though but I've said that already you guys just shoot me down here okay so this is very cute this is a very cute wholesome this was how funny I do like this guy's name man this this name is a legendary name if you know you know obviously you know um but yeah what do you think of this I think it's wholesome and I can tell that there's been some work put into this. I think the images in the background are AI, but he's taking the time to cut them out. What background, bruh? So what, yeah, so he's taken AI images, right? I mean the images. He's cut them out and then created a monotone. That looks like a sketch to me. Yeah, it could be. AI is too perfect to make it look the way... This looks too original to be AI, that's for sure. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, it looks like it's hand-drawn by someone who's come up with this concept. I actually like the concept. It's got the Jupiter background. - Yeah, is he here? - How finny, are you there? Are you there, bruh? If you're there, can you let us know, did you create... And there's nothing wrong with it, because you've actually not used AI images, you've used the outlines. But if you've used AI here, can you let us know? Because I think there are AI images in the back, but they're outlined and then decoloured, which I think is cool. It looks hand drawn. The answer is yes, Gerko, if you want to. Yeah, to me it looks hand drawn. So, oh, these ones are pretty good. Who is Lul... Lul... Lul... Lulumix. I've probably done this wrong. It's probably Lumix. It's probably who's Lumix, but... Who is Lulumix? yeah if you're here if that's what's wrong do let us know okay there's 1800 people watching the show these are this is if you just came in recently you are already disqualified yeah that's facts that's facts i am and so um these are uh logo submissions that we asked for as a bounty you know people are going to win dupe and we're just looking through them and green lighting some of them to go on to the next stage so just and red lighting other things And red lighting some. So I like these, man. Look at these. I think they're sick. And they deserve to be used, even if not as a logo. They deserve to be used. There's a lot of effort. These are more stickers. There's a lot of effort and time that have been put in these. So these ones are a green light for me. Yeah, but look at this, right? Look at the juice. It's like been split in half. It says Jupe and juice at the bottom. With a planet. You know, it's so sick, man. It's so sick. It's sick. That's a green light for me. that's just epic right there it's cool it's cool um yep so we'll but we'll green light them in a sec as we just roll okay this was a late submission i think this was today um just before we just before we finish submissions i think uh so what do we think of these i mean i'm uh i'm not sure i mean no they're uh this is cool we appreciate the submission is what i'll say but yeah yeah of course They are, they're... They're a bit abstract. They're all over the place, bro. I don't know what these things are right now. Yeah, abstract, for sure. Do you know what these look like? Do you know what these look like? T-shirts. You know, like when you see someone wearing a t-shirt and it's like that hippie kind of vibe and then it has like a... Yeah, tie-dye. Yeah, yeah. It looks like these would belong on those t-shirts. Yeah, on a t-shirt, yeah. Yeah. They would look good on that for sure. I don't know. Thank you, CryptoNoob17. Yeah, maybe not on stream. Okay, so this one was a late one as well. Lawson. I think he's here today, actually, in the chat. Yeah, I think he is, actually. Yeah, he was, yeah. Look at this. This is pretty cool. It's like the Jupiter thing made into a carton, which is a juice. It's literally Jupiter juice. It makes absolute sense. Jupiter juice. He's also added some of these where you might see it on a hat or some stuff. He's put the colour stuff here. Good effort. So yeah, this was Lawson's submission. The second one is not finished. Lili Minx. Can we go back one more time to Lili Minx? This one? Oh, sorry. Yeah, I think there was a late submission where there was a finished version. I'm going to go into Discord. It might actually crash me out. But let's fucking copy it over. Lulu, you're right. You're right. Sorry. I've been very busy today. I apologize. Where's that? Bump me, bump me. Oh, here we go. I found it. I found it. I found it. Okay. Copy image. and then we're going to paste it straight in for the viewers and this is the finished version this is i mean it was so good i didn't think it needed finishing but there we go oh there's a slight color palette change there yeah i mean do you like that version more do you like to turn into grape juice the the other version more grape juice i i i like it i actually preferred the other one to be honest because of the green i'm going to put it in here as well i mean i'd be biased to green too but at the same time this was her one or his the one on the top is like very authentic very cool maybe keeping the previous one but having like like how this one has the color palette of the purplish background added to it you know you could have the light greenish background added to that other one and it would be yeah spot on and especially as a sticker yeah it could be a combination of the two or some sort but yeah i mean yeah uh yep For me, it's not a logo, but for me, there's something here. Like it can be used. Yeah. Okay. We keep moving. We keep moving. And what do we have here? Oh, this one was a legendary submission. Oh, wow. Oh, this guy has. I would love to talk to me. I would love to talk to me and find out his artistic, artistic inspiration behind this. Just to get inside of the mind of the artist. It's like the Mona Lisa of Jupe & Juice logos right there. Yeah, you're not going to get much better than this, to be honest. No. Maybe though, when I saw this... maybe just catch everything now and just it does make me want to say all the others they're just not bothered yeah what's chat saying chat saying we found it we got a winner yeah yeah what's going on with satchel like he's here he's not here what's wrong with his uh i don't know he's probably naked again situation thank you for tuning in yeah thanks okay okay what we green right in so this is a instant this is like a this is like a purple that's a gold light This is a golden light. It's an absolute golden light. What do we... Lawson deserves a green light. Okay. That's Wake's green light there. Oh, only one each. Yeah, yeah, one each, one each. We can't go around spreading them everywhere. Oh, my. I'm joking. That went brutal really fast. That did, that did. Yeah, screen that for me. But there's so many good ones. Can someone check on Discord what's going on with Satchel? Yeah, his camera went stupid, he said. It's fine, just tell him be on his mic because we want to cover that ugly spot of Figma, bro. Just get on the freaking thing. with his camera on. He can't actually be added. Yeah, tell him leave StreamYard and come back. I think there's... He can probably still hear you, but yeah. My browser is not connecting, he said. He tried to do it. I like the effort that Lawson put in, so I think on that basis, as long as you guys greenlight the other ones that I like, let's greenlight Lawson, yeah. I don't know what... I have no clue what you like, bro. I don't know how that one works. No, he's not back yet. Okay, so this one we kind of established as more of a t-shirt. That's another green light. Okay, we'll green light this on the basis that it's, I suppose we could say it's Satchel's green light. He's still having the issue. He just came back in. He still has it. Wow. What browser is he using? I don't know. Yeah, what browser? Yeah, use Chrome, Satchel, if you're not using Chrome. Are we green lighting Hal Finney? It's telling me to restart PC. I just don't think we can. You probably have to do that then, Satchel, bro. Is this a green light or is this not a green light? I can't green light myself. That would be pretty bad. Irish? You have to show me the rest of them real quick. This monkey monk... This was... I think this was disqualified, unfortunately. And then we have Jerry. We was unsure, but I think he is making these. I don't think these are AI. And then it's me, basically. So you've got one green light for one of these. I also have a green light, so I can't give it to myself. I have to give it to either this person or this person. So... What are you going to do? I suppose I kind of have to give you the green light then. You don't because... Wait, have we given satchels? Yeah, we actually have given satchels. I mean, satchel could be giving it to me and I could be giving it to Lumix. So it's, you know, neither here or there. So go on. Choose who you want. Choose who you want. If you like this more than mine, then choose this. Don't we have another column on the left as well? Yeah, we have two more columns. Oh, God. Go down, go down, go down. Hmm. There he is. Nah, he's back. Yeah, nah, yeah, I would go with yours just because it, yeah. You got a green light. You did indeed. Wait, wait, wait, wait. You would go for mine, why? Just because the simplicity of those two J&Js on the right, they do really fit as an icon over everything else that's there. Okay, cool, cool, cool, cool. I also, for some reason, really like the kind of Joker-ish vibe off of the green and purple gradient. That's more of a Solana thing for me. Nah, I know what it is, but to me, for some reason, it just makes me think of the Joker. Yeah, it kind of does when you say that. It makes sense. I like the one that got gold. I think that's... I mean, that one, we nearly don't need to do a vote because of that one. Yeah, I think we should start using this one before the vote and we'll see what happens, but I think we're going to be selecting this one. I mean, it looks really good. Can you imagine? We'll probably get 300 followers on X the minute we put that logo up. Exactly. Just the thought of it, when we got it on YouTube, I think we have like 7,000 more subscribers. The thing is, MS Paint is quite based and it's quite authentic. If anybody's ever seen Sassy the Sasquatch, they'll understand. Yeah. all right guys so this is uh this is king kitty's submission this is uh the x here ox kick or whatever um so what do we think of do we think of this yeah it's a bit drippy like it's very drippy drippy drippy drip drip drip drip drip yeah too much drip too much drip can you have too much for me is too much drip but yeah yeah yeah it's a halloween it's another halloween logo Yeah, it looks like a claw. Freddy! Talking of Freddy. Oh, it looks like a... Oh, I see that now. Shit, I wasn't seeing what you lot are seeing, but I see it now. Oh. Yeah, yeah, I get it. But my guy has seven fingers. One, two, three. Yeah. Okay, what do we think of this, boys? I was... Oh, my! It's a game. AI-generated. Yeah. It's very cool, but it is AI-generated, very obviously. Yeah, I was thinking it's AI, too, personally, as well. I think I got the part of the AI... what do we think what do we think of this one i'm gonna have to give a green light to that just because the more i knew you would hey look at this i know i might as well just do it because i know irish is gonna freaking choose this one there we go now the whole the whole the whole of the zero community we literally took this and we're like even if it doesn't get used we're using it i wish i promise i'm gonna clip this i'm gonna post this just for you and it's sacks of red like a book hey yo that cat is chilling bro on the top right god he is chilling what do you so what do we think of these guys he's not topless I like the like, people used to be on the bottom. There's something on the top right that's like very cool. The sunglasses and the juice and the cat is a vibe but it's like it's not a logo. It's not a logo, I agree. It's not readable but it's very fucking cool. Definitely another cool sticker. Yeah. Yeah, the cat with the sunglasses drinking juices. And for some reason, I want that cat to be on the bottom one. I don't want him to be on that orange one. On here? Yeah, I would want the cat on there. I hear that. I feel like it would look better. And this was submitted by ItsMeFeddy. I think, Wake, I think you'd like... I think I thought you'd like this one. You and Satchel, but Satchel didn't like it as much as you did. How do you know this, bro? Which one? You can't be team leader and not know your guys. You know what I'm saying? With Satchel, I wasn't sure, but I thought, let me chuck it in because Satchel is a bit of a creative, so he might like it as well. But... Maybe I don't know. I know you well enough. Maybe Satch. Not so much. That one goes crazy though. I love the cat drinking. There's something there, but with a little bit of adjustment, it could be there. Without the fruit, I think. Okay. There we go. And we go. Yeah, and this one is a very cool one. It's actually one of my favorites, to be fair. Ooh, these look good. These are really good. These have been submitted by... I don't know how... Tanagrap? Tanagrap? Tanjara... Tanjara... Tanagrap. Tanagrap. Tanagrap. Tanagrap. I really like how he's done this here and it looks very nice man. Looks very juicy. I like that top one too and again I know I'm after doing this with nearly all of them but I feel like if you put a stroke on that middle writing and put it next to that logo it would look nice. I think the third one is pretty good. It's cleaner because there's not a dot on the eye and the straw is not there but it looks like a juice. Sax is from the future. He knows it, bro. He's going ahead in time, figuring out what our reactions are and then just fang it. Okay, this was a late symbol. So these were from Dingo today, late submission, last minute. But tell me if you guys agree, right? Is this chalk? I like how he's put it on the poster. Just show us an example. I like that. That's cool that he done that. The green ones, bro? These two? Yeah, they slap. so he's using you for both of them which is kind of cool yeah yeah it's very like graffiti it's like kind of street vibes um i mean i mean this this one looks good it's groovy it's us i think yeah what are you saying yeah yeah man said we're groovy i'm not sure if i could be not out yeah i was gonna ruby maybe not but like there's something there isn't it definitely yeah there's something there there's something he's touch he's he's hitting he's hitting a note here and then we've got another late submission uh i think this was the last one yeah this is a cupcake store jupin choose the cupcake store yeah wait wait hold the phone hold the phone adele i'm a fan of what you guys do for jupiter and outside especially sax what about your boy bro What the hell? What do I do that's so special, guys? He or she just ignore all of us? Yeah. I mean... I mean, I'm joking. Yeah, the whole team. Thank you. We're a four man squad. I appreciate you. Avid juicer. Thank you very much, man. Appreciate you. This juicer just 1,888 of you are watching now. We thank you. We appreciate you. All the juicers that turn up week in, week out and every juicer counts. Yeah, every juicer counts, man. And so, yeah, so what we greenlighting here, boys, there's so many to like. I think it's bingo, but I've used my vote. Apparently, this is a democracy now, so... Have we... Do you have some steak jubes? No, you're adding style to it with your stairs there. Oh, yeah. Oh, that's why you were saying it earlier. I was like, why is this guy talking about my cursor, man? Yeah, you didn't pick it up from that. You're like... You have to get so used to it now. Yeah, I don't even see it anymore. So anyway, one day I woke up and my daughter changed my screensaver and changed my cursor. Oh, that's it. Yeah, I remember he told me like... Satchel, Satchel, please, please. What's up? I want to change my cursor. My daughter changed the shit. It's all glowing. I don't know what's going on. And we still couldn't figure it out. Yeah, I couldn't figure it out. But anyway, I like this, man. I like the simplicity of this. Do you know what this reminds me of? This reminds me of like a... Stop waving the cursor. A Disney movie. You know what I mean? It's like a Disney movie or something like that. It's like A Bug's Life. it's like the title of a bug's life bro or ant world or whatever it is uh but anyway i'm not sure i'm not sure it works as a logo for us no no it's not a green light but it's cool um i think dingo this one's a green light okay this was yours wake yeah this is your weight this is weight green glow actually i voted for lawson and dingo so i think i'm going for tano i really like this one um So that's two and then oh, but you like this but you don't think it's logo logo logo and then Irish is really you Satchel what do you want a green light here? A dingo, I use my vote on dingo. Oh you use yours on dingo. That's a double juice. One, two, three. Oh so both of you went for dingo yeah? Okay so we move, we move, we move. Can we show Einl one more time? Bug life, that whole thing. Yeah, for real, bruh. The bug life one? Okay, I'll do that. I'll go from the bottom up. boys we're innovating here we're using we're using figma on stream yard like it's not been done before i'm pretty sure we're probably the first the way we're we're making things look cohesive i promise you they're not it's freaking hard work but anyway this is what they wanted to see this is what the people requested right is that right um this one yes but also i know um i know i think it was on the first column we showed oh oh oh freddie yeah sorry about that this one oh the first column the first column yeah yeah so that'd be i think it was on the right yeah yeah this one axel you're talking about axel no i know it was on the other side i think i know here i know here it is he was asking questions right so is he responding is that what it is No, this is Axel who's saying... No, no, no. This is West that's saying that he likes this one the most. Okay. Okay, I know. Definitely the winner from my end. Okay, but we haven't finished yet, West. We still got more to see, bro. But you're already putting your winner in, right? So I think we're on the last column now. I think we are on the last this year. This is the very last column now. We just did this one. Yep. and so we are going to our last column yeah this is it this is the last column so um we give everyone a fair chance we don't miss any submissions even if you guys have to be here for another three hours it's gonna happen i don't think like what's this how do you feel to read that jupon juice We want everybody to squint at our logo. Our logo probably looks about that size. So GFundMe said... It looks like Satchel. Let me pull up my glasses. This is like when Satchel was saying earlier, it looks like there wasn't much effort put into this one. I second that for this. I see what the designer is thinking. It's really cool, you know, the waves and stuff, but the text is extremely small. It's like a sound wave, right? Anyway, we move, we move, we move. Okay, so the next one is from... Who is this from? SK. This is a Zero boy, I think. This is a Zero boy. I know where this is going. I know where this is going. Nah, that's kind of cool. Why is it cool, Irish? Why is it cool, bro? Has he got Zero in his name? Nah, nothing to do with that. Just the juice at the bottom of the logo with the straw. I don't... I feel like though if the straw wasn't showing the whole way through the actual like so like it went in at the top but then kind of showed where the deuce was as if it was kind of clear at the bottom or something that'd be cool yeah like it wasn't just the like it was embedded within the image rather than yeah yeah yeah I agree with that and it would look so much better but it's yeah again I like the concept good attempt though zero boy good attempt I like it yeah it's a good it's a good one it's a good one I think without the border on the outside of it, it would actually be very cool. Like the top one. This thick border? Yeah, yeah. Just that is very cool. Even have the border, but like way thinner and then like the straw not just plastered over the top. Yeah. Nice, nice, nice, nice. Good submission. Okay, this one is Wild. Mr. Dino. Kind of a cool concept though. I get what he's trying to do here. You've got a juice carton with juice dropping out and then there's like... And kitty cats floating everywhere. Kitty cats everywhere. And... I mean this looks like a meme coin logo to be honest oh dino I remember this person was asking me for like pictures of like the like Jupiter cat like and I ended up having to post like a bunch of different ones because I just didn't know I thought he meant the wen cat and so yeah that's what he's like plastered everywhere yeah Okay, a lot going on for me. Not Logo. Yeah, it's too much. Yeah, a bit too wild. It's cool, but it's too much. Cool concepts. Yeah. I like the creativity. Logo stuff, probably not really Logo-ish. Cook some dope shit. Just because I said, because this is what I said, I think, on the post-op. So... but this looks like ai to me unfortunately it is ai yeah yeah we got all those stars again those very fair play fair play mate you did what you done respect the hustle respect the hustle we're not here for ai what do we think of this this is This is a cool concept. So this is similar to what I tried to do, I suppose, but in a different way. This is what I tried to do. The carton concept. Oh yeah, you did this. Yeah, so... Oh, you tried to do this? Yeah, Mulu and I did it, I think. We spent all night, remember, Wig? You had a little competition. It was you and Toddler. Toddler, Toddler, Toddler. Yeah, Toddler, Toddler. You done a juice box, not a juice carton. There's a difference, right? It's a juice box. Oh, yeah. Well, yeah. This is a juice carton. Yeah. I mean, it's like a little one. Like a one serving. Yeah, a little one serving one. These are like the big ones. Like, it's very different to me. Anyway. You know what? This for me has like big potential because if there was less going on and the dupe and juice was bigger, I can see this on stuff. This is hyper. You know? Man like hyper. If you're watching, we like this. This is good work, Hyster. This is good. And he's added some like concepts. Yeah, maybe if it was a more boxy. Exactly. Let me show you Lyrical Lemonade's logo. Lyrical Lemonade. Go bathroom. Okay, this is a submission from Soulbrook. Oh, you want to show us something before we move on? Yeah, yes, please. If that's all right. Okay, I'll just leave this open. Bring your screen up and then bring your screen down. Yeah, it's gonna explain like... What he's trying to do. Wait, let me go back to this. What he's trying to do, right? Yeah. Guys, sorry, we've had you here for two hours now. Two hours and 20 minutes almost. But we're cooking, we're cooking. We're looking at these logos. The community has made these. Yeah, bring it up, bring it up. Let's have a look at it. Can you see it? No, we can't. You need to bring up your share screen. Oh, yeah. Sugar. There we go. just uh when you put your screen up we will see it all right there it is so this is a this is a vibe um it's in it's also in a similar industry what lyrical lemonade is is as uh he's a music producer but who has like expanded into content and he's has sort of like a pseudo label and a branding for artists it's kind of viral on youtube where it was i think um a bunch of rappers went through him and like got big through it but like you see you see the angle like it's very similar it's exactly exactly the same you've now that you've pulled it up yeah it's literally exactly the same oh he's just scamming he's just changed he's just changed the logo a little bit infinite asses oh it is exactly the same so smart guy man You trying to snake us, yeah? You try to hyper, bring the hype bro, you bring the hype. I respect that, I respect that. Hustle was real as well, the hustle was real. What do we think here boys, what do we think here? It looks good but it doesn't fit the logo. It's a no. It is a no but like the art is good. Can you zoom in on that orange thingy? Whatever, which one? It's detailed I think. Let me see the bottom. Yeah. Yes, there's a lot of detail, but... It's gonna be missed because our... No, but I kind of like the concept though. It's like a planet and half a planet, but it's chopped in half and there's like fruit inside. There's juice, you know? Yeah. I mean, in order for this concept to work for you, it'd be a teabag, you know, cut in half. Yeah, exactly. It's because tea is a juice. Because it wouldn't work. That's precisely why it wouldn't work. No, that's well put. It is a juice. That's a good chat. Yeah. Maybe you can make us a teabag one. So here we go with... I think this is the last one. Yeah, this is the last one. And this is by... I'd add a quick vex, I think. But he sent me quite a few as well, and I picked these. I like this idea of like a microphone, the Jupiter planet is the microphone and Jupiter juice. Yeah, man. I mean, I like the concept. Yeah. to be fair exactly like adele said there is an idea with the half jupiter in a hurry but it's not suitable for an official logo that's the thing uh this was regarding the one above it uh but it's the same sort of thing here really um on the ones uh below it also so that's the it's the same situation it's like there's solid concepts here but they're just not suitable for a logo yep that's that's why Yours is still for me. The ones on the right are still for me. Way ahead of all contributions. I mean, this is a solid concept for a logo, but the thing is, also, it does look kind of busy and it's been young for someone else. We make it, listen, hyper, we make it copyright theft or whatever they call it. Yeah, because it's like, yo, big man, you're taking my logo. That's my logo. Big man, yeah? Yeah. You're taking my logo. Yeah, you're taking my logo, fam. that's mine fam um so i mean unfortunately from this section i don't have any that i can green light here so uh i don't know how you guys are yeah what do you guys think same same uh irish yeah what are you eating irish curly munching on curly worthy i've got some more you said you were going to the bathroom you go get some snacks i'm going to go curly i mean i go through the kitchen to go to the bathroom so yeah But anyway, so no green lights on this one, unfortunately. Is that the case? Not this column, no. It's a pretty L comment. It's a pretty L column, boys. So, anyway, I'm going to reveal all of them. Yeah. We had this many submissions. Thank you to everyone. I mean, I personally, for the effort, even though it's not, I don't know, to be voted on, I'd nearly give a green light to the Zero Boys one. Yeah, nearly Zero Boys one. But only without... It's not quite there, yeah. Yeah. Big up everyone that submitted something. Even our AI hustlers, big you up. Yeah, big up to the AI hustlers. I respect the grind. Yeah, I respect the grind as well. So anyway, we've got one, two, three, four. All right, let me just delete the ones that aren't green-lighted, right? Just get rid of them completely. Bang, bang. So these three were green-lighted. These are not. They are... how finny my boy it feels bad like cutting these out of the uh the figma but it's like we kind of have to do it because yeah so we can see yeah exactly yeah so we can see and we can't have some like no one's going to vote on something with 100 entries um yeah so we have to narrow things down guys yeah and i mean we went from like unfortunately 20 plus maybe even 30 the whole column boys this one was a this one was a absolute This was murder mile this one. Everyone got it. So sorry guys. Okay. So I mean now from this we got to select. Are we doing five or are we doing four? Or I mean if I make it in then we've got to do. You said five and it would be six. No you said it would be five and that it would be six if you made it in. Yeah, okay. So we'll do five and then six if I'm in and if I'm not in then it's just going to be five. I'm going to keep your name here, bro. Yeah. Pour one out for Hal Finney, boys. Pour some juice out for Hal Finney. Thank you. Thank you for doing it, bro. We appreciate We appreciate you man. You missed out his name when selecting stuff. I know, I know. You know, I'm using the MacBook trackpad and it's absolute trash bro. I could end up out of stream yard in like any second because it's so bad. One wrong move and I'll be out of stream yard. So, I'm going to put you here. The GOAT. Okay, anyway, so we're looking at these. 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10. So we have a lot to cut down. So we need to reduce this to half, basically. Which five are staying? Which five are going? I mean, this one's going for me first. Obviously, zero boy one can go, yeah. For me, that's a cut. That was me giving you respect for the light. As much as I can see that hard work was put into it, Mealy Monkey's also a cut for me, which is top mid. Mealy Monkey? See, I don't want to cut Mealy Monkey just yet, but are you guys saying maybe a two vote, maybe a three vote? Satchel, what are you saying? Mealy Monkey or not? So that's the two vote. Satchel, it's on you now. Are you cutting it or keeping it? Mealy Monkey, bro. You can't do it. It's too nice. Come on, man. Satchel, brother. It's on you. let's keep it oh you said keep it it's a 50 50. how are we going to get through this list all right border pixels border pixels border pixels we're keeping it as it's staying that concept's gotta stay that was a cool concept that's fair the concept's good yeah yeah purely for the concept it stays Yeah, yeah. It's gonna be very hard. Okay, Axl. I mean, this guy's probably made the most effort out of most of the submissions, I'd say. And so for that reason, he's also loud. Axl, keep. Axl, keep. He was also loud about it on the feed as well. Yeah, I'd keep Axel. It's too cute, I'd get rid of friends. Yeah, for me, I love what he's done here and I rate his work. And I think if we gave him direction, he'd probably make us what we wanted. But this isn't going to make Joop and Juice. I couldn't use this even as a concept. It's definitely too cute. It is cute, but it's not cheap and juicy. But it's also very high quality. So it's like, I vote keep. Oh, you want to keep it? Yeah. So there's two votes for not keeping and there's one vote for keeping. Satchel, it's on you again, mate. Satchel already said a negative comment. He wants to get rid of it. I apologise, but this logo... I veto the vote. I veto the vote. Okay, what are we saying about mine? I can't even comment. We should remove this one. I don't think it's a competition. You're saying it's a really bad one, yeah? It's a keep from me and I'll explain why and it's not just because Sax is in the work group, right? It's the fact that the top right one is just a no-brainer. Like, hold on, let me show what it looks like in the liner. Like, look at this, boys. Hold on, can we hide that? Yeah, you can. How do I hide? You can show this in his role. the overlay there it is look how cold that looks bro guys that isn't there because we're here to sway your mindset it was just for us to test out the logo thing but yes that's a good point it would be there because I made the logo and I'm testing shit I was actually building this whole stream thing set up yesterday for this um show today anyway so uh we're leaving me alone then I didn't get killed off yet um so what about what about um This one here, Lawson. This is getting hard, bro. Yeah, it's getting super hard and it will get harder because we still have... I'd cut Lawson. You'd cut Lawson? Yeah. What about you, Wake? What are you saying? No. Lawson stays for you. Which one's Lawson again? Oh, yeah, that one. No, I don't think I'd cut Lawson. I think keep Lawson. Okay. Are you going to ask me? Yeah, go on, Satchel. Can we zoom in? I think... yeah i'm gonna zoom in i just want to move these like more closer to each other so we can like compare them yeah uh this freaking apple please fix your trackpads please man because i have to press down and like pull right yeah all right okay here we go so lawson's you wanted to zoom you got a zoom i mean it's very logo-y like i agree that the top left one is kind of i think it doesn't have the writing on it so i don't know okay keep keep i like to keep this one okay it's a keeper lawson's made it okay so dingo what's dingo saying oh it's brutal because it's really good i lose dingo sacrifice dingo i i like what dingo's done but i i'm i'm also like this won't work as i mean it could work as a logo to be fair maybe i'm being too good but it looks like a like a like a band thingy like the band juice and juice jupiter juice the bands i don't think it's the style we're going for yeah i mean the the the ponytail gives the vibe and the beards and stuff but we don't sing on jupiter juice uh well there's two no's and there's there's there's still two more votes so uh what are you saying wake maybe it's gonna go down to me you're saying state uh i think like it it's a it's a no but it's very good okay as well say yeah that's fair okay so dingo respect your offering you got to the later stages and it's cool but it's a no unfortunately at this stage okay so we're looking at this what do we think of this that's a keep that's a keep that's a keep for me as well keep keep keep okay that's an easy keep that's a no from me That's a no for me. You've been outvoted. So right now we're on 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 entries. So we still need to get rid of... 8, we need the golden... No, like that top, that top, that, you know, the one that... I didn't have MS Paint so much, bro. Yeah, we're not keeping this, obviously. This is just a... I'm going to post this. That's the exemplary effort. No matter what happens, that's another sticker that we got to use or something. This could just be a bit of Jupe and Juice lore, but it's not going to make it, is it really? Okay, so once again, we're at 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. If I'm getting included, we can keep one extra person when we only have to lose one. I think we're cutting either Tanner Grab or Melee Monkey. Melee Monkey. Nah, it's gotta be Millie Monkey. Tanner Grabs gotta stay. See, for me, this is not a logo. Yeah, that's 100%. Yeah, but the thing is... I'm happy to... This is like a wildcard kind of entry, but it doesn't make logo for me. I mean, it's sick. It's such a great job. If this was all hand-drawn, this is like hours and hours and hours of work. yeah like look there's texture it is it is text it's so good man it's so good yeah there's no doubt about that but it's also it's is it a logo that's the question right and i'd say no it's no it's not a logo for sure but it's definitely going to be featured in something yeah i think we will I think we have to respectfully deny this logo status. Get this person to make two or three more of these qualities. But we work with this individual to create something cool. I suggest the thing that's split. The split can be an animation for transitions in my videos. We have the box and it splits and it goes to two screens. That's pretty good. Yeah, we could do something with it and then we can like, you know, give them some dupe or whatever for working with us. I think just starting off simple, let's just do a Discord sticker and we'll use that if we can get that pushed through. But for a logo, no, but Lilu Minx, like, it's so good. the level of effort that's gone into this is just so good thank you so much so yeah respect respect respect for that so now we're down to one two three four five and six so what uh let's say one goes which one goes see now i'm talking like looking at them all again now i'm torn thank you thank you thank you man it was great yeah thank you so much it's so good yeah it's so good it's so good yeah not not not a logo but it is definitely something we can work with and we will we will work with you for definitely it's it's for me it's mainly like mainly so so you're saying i was saying this goes yeah So let's quickly compare Start Atlas for you and Meanie Monk. Let's compare these two because I think these two are the ones that are competing right now. These two? Yeah, Axel made noise on the feed, so big plus. But I don't think we can take either of them, to be honest. Axel's asking if you can play the video he sent to you. Oh, yeah. Axel actually sent me videos and stuff. I don't know how I would get... How would I get videos on his... I wouldn't be able to get them on Figma, but I could get them into... Let me see if I can get it in Steam Yard, the video. But make your decisions based on what you see here, because we didn't ask for a video, right? So if you have submitted a video, it's sort of unfair to say that that is a factor. What is the video? I'll show you, I'll show you. Yeah, yeah, Mealy is good for summer, but not for all the time. Hey, how's it going? Duff pre-bowling in the house. What up, pre? We've got someone that we disqualified. I think we may have looked at his logo as a, what's it called, as an AI. Yeah. but he sent me this in the DMs. He was like, show me this for some feedback. He did. Let's go. I respect that. Hell yeah. So have a look at that. I don't know. I'm going to go try and sort out this video really quickly for my boy. Axel, Axel, Axel. Where are you, Axel? There you are. Okay, here's the video. What do you think? What's the... Melees is difficult to understand that's the only thing it's like there's obviously a concept there but it's too I mean yeah cool there's the rationale of the logo appreciate you sending that through bro do you think it would have made it if you knew that rationale or it would still be the same outcome I think it would be the same outcome only because it's too corporate from how I see it but it's not AI and it's banging yeah it's great to see the rationale yeah Yeah, because for me, that was one of my faults as well. It was like very corporate-y. Okay, so Figma won't let me put a video in directly, so I'm going to upload it to StreamYard now and see if that works. That should work, yeah. intro yeah yeah it is it is so we're gonna play axel's video that he made um it's it's it's like a uh i don't know i don't even know what to call it it reminds me of like a news but oh yeah 19 seconds okay with different music that's actually boring yeah i mean it's effort right axel's axel's a guy that like he puts in a lot of effort i've yeah that was that was mad mad does that resemble jupin juice does that uh probably not like for me like jupin juice isn't like that seems quite corporate as well like seeming more like a news kind of thing like you know like you you you're going to have a news anchor with his suit on and start talking to him. Yeah, that's what it feels like. But it's still cool to see that someone's going to those events to create the content. So I respect it, Axel. I respect it. Yeah. It would make a lot of difference with a different song, honestly. We still have the boy Hyper who made an AI logo in the house. Oh, Hyper. No, no, no. Hyper didn't make an AI logo. Hyper made the carton thing that you was looking at. What's that? Rapper stuff. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. The Lyrical Lemonade. Lyrical Lemonade logo. Can I get a confirmation that you did just yoink Lyrical Lemonade's logo for Jeep and Juice? I got a result. Hypo, we looked at your logo. We looked at it in detail and actually we went into the blockchain and found out that you had copied Lyrical Lemonade. But no, we respect it though. We respect it. What are we doing? So we're cutting one. We have to cut one, boys. And then I think those will be our final five that go to the public. I cut Millie. I cut Millie out. Millie gets cut. Oh man, my boy Millie. It just doesn't make sense for a year-round logo. I'm saying Lawson, but you three are saying Millie. So that means Millie goes. Let's get a vote from chat. No, it won't matter. It won't matter. Nah, it's Millie. Because we're at our final four. Unless this gets submitted as a fifth, we're at our final four. One, two, three. We're not. Sorry, this is five. One, two, three, four, five. Yeah, this is the sixth. This is confusing me. I'm just going to put it out. That's not part of the vote. Yeah, that's the example. Yeah, that's the example. If we were including that, we wouldn't hold it. That's the Hall of Fame entry. Yeah, that's the Hall of Fame entry. That's the most important one. Unfortunately, we can't do anything about that. That's just how it goes. So we're here and how Finney is being respected. how things are inspired by local lemonade logo so um when I hear the word inspired it makes me think like you know there's flavors and touches of something in another thing but like yours is just straight up the same with just cheaper juice on it which I respect yeah like you have the exact same juice box Just cock and whatever Zach said. But it's a very cool logo, Hyper. We appreciate you, bro. You're a smart guy. Alright, Adele thinks that we're rolling with five for our final group. I tend to agree. If we were to cut one out, it would be... It's hard now. Unfortunately, I would say it's Lawson, but because I'm in it, I think it's unfair to kick someone out. Then we're only giving three people a chance. Well, then it's really just picking who gets the dupe, really, isn't it? Yeah, keep the five. Yeah, so we'll keep the five because I'm still here and there's five in total. So here we go. These are your five that are going to the public vote. It will be on the Jupe & Juice Twitter account. And, you know, from that five, I can't win any Jupe anyway. So even if I come number one, whoever's number two will get the reward. And yeah, happy day. So here's your five finalists. We'll just briefly look at them before we end the stream. So... in no particular order we have Axel with his submissions then we have our boy Boulder Pixels with his submission and then we have Tanagrap with his and then Lawson and then me and so it will be one of these that is crowned the logo winner and we'll get the 100 dupe and then second place will get 60 dupe and the third place will get 40 dupe and two people unfortunately won't get anything and I'll be one of those people so you already have a one in four chance no sorry three in four chance of winning you know three in four chance of getting something everyone else who submitted their stuff congratulations thank you so much absolute legends and actually taking part we appreciate you and you know, some of you were already thinking about how we can do things with you. And we'll be highlighting cool stuff as well, regardless of the fact that you didn't make it to the vote. But let's get the vote out the way and then we'll showcase your stuff as well on the Dupin Juice Twitter and show you more appreciation for everything you've done. And yeah, and that's the logo. bounty submission done. Thank you all the juicers that went to the trouble. Thank you, juicers. And to all 2027 juicers locked in watching our logo reveal. Thank you so much. And we are back next Tuesday at 3.30 p.m. UTC. Make sure you follow the Twitter at jupendjuice.com. um and also come vibe with us in voice like i want to meet you guys we're seeing you in the chat like lawson hop into voice come yap live and direct to the juices and dupe discord dupe discord dot discord slap discord.gg slash dupe it's as simple as that so hit us up um Gigi, I know. Thank you for your submission, bro. We appreciate you. Thank you so much, everybody, for your submissions, dude. Like, seriously. Thank you, thank you, thank you. Thank you so much to everyone. Okay, so I suppose we're out now. It's 2 hours and 45 minutes, man. It's crazy. We've been out. Mate, I'm dying right now, bro. My eyes are kicking each other. We've been doing a lot. Yeah, we've been doing a lot. So let's... Let's call it a night, shall we? Thank you, everyone, for being so nice. Thank you for everyone logging in. Actually, let's do this. We never usually do this. Where is everyone? We've got how many people we got on the Jupe & Juice account? Thank you to those people on Jupe & Juice account. You're on Wake's account. Thank you to Wake's account. Thank you on YouTube. And thank you on my account. Yeah, so thank you for everyone on all the different accounts. Yeah, because we're trying to reach as many juicers as possible. So thank you to everyone on every account. We appreciate it. No juice left behind. All right. That's it. It's as simple as that. You come to the stream, we freshly squeeze. Fresh juice every day. That's the Jupe & Juice way. There you go. There we go. 24-7, we juicing. We juice 24-7. Okay, so we'll get the thumbnail up and we'll say goodbye to everyone and we'll see you next time. We can just say goodbye. It's ready to roll. Yep. Bye-bye. Congratulations to everyone who made it. Bye-bye.