You know what time it is. Juicing time, baby. Here we go. You know it's Juke and Juice time for the Jupiter Dow. Educating cats, yeah, something profound. We're here to talk facts with enough to go around. We got proposals to discuss before we vote in the Dow. Get your juke locked in and be ready to vote. There's a flood of information, so make sure to board the boat. Decentralization is the Jupiter dream. Big players in the game and we're picking up steam. Yeah, Juke and Juice now. Hey, wow. Look at this cat. It's a dad like me, y'all. Climbing mountains, chilling in the town hall Every single cat needs a hat, I'ma crown all Teach culture, share it like a brochure Dial getting hot, looking like a damn toaster That's coast to coast with every post You ain't never seen nothing like it, never know bro Hey, jib and juice now, it's about to begin Talking about proposals so you're gonna know when When we go live, we empower the dream Educated cats in the Jupiter team All hands on deck, keep the station afloat Our team is the best, yeah, we know where to go Solana's strongest link in the world of blockchain. Empowerment to voters is the name of the game. Jupe and Juice now. Jupe and Juice now. Educating cats here is something profound. Jupe and Juice now. We're here to talk facts with enough to go around. Jupe and Juice now. Jupe and Juice now. Juke and Juice Now. Juke and Juice Now. ♪♪ You know what time it is. Juicing time, baby. Here we go. You know it's Juke and Juice time for the Jupiter DAO Educating cats, yeah, it's something profound We're here to talk facts with enough to go around We got proposals to discuss before we vote in the DAO Get your juke locked in and be ready to vote There's a flood of information so make sure to board the boat Decentralization is the Jupiter dream Big players in the game and we're picking up steam Yeah, Juke and Juice now, ay wow Look at this cat, it's a debt like meow ♪♪ ♪♪ Juke and Juice Now. Juke and juice now. Educating cats, yeah, something profound. Juke and juice now. We're here to talk facts with enough to go around. Juke and juice now. Juke and juice now. Juices, juices, juices. Hello. What's up, everybody? What's up, juicers? Today is a very special episode of Jupe and Juice. We have the legendary lineup, legendary lineup, I like that one, today locked in. I don't know where, I think Sax is attending to some homies on Discord. So, i'm very excited for today as you can probably tell because we have some uh nft boys or are they nft boys or are they token but well we're gonna find out about that we have mutant labs on jupin juice today um we also have juju girl who has been putting out some banger dupe content so we we saw her on the feed I think it was a few weeks ago and we were like, yo, she's putting in work. So we wanted to talk to her and find out about what's going on in the world of Juju Girl. So we're going to find out about that today too. Yeah, yeah. Hello, everybody. So Joel, what up, Adeda, Irish, Christian, Qbaxi. Oh, and also we got some, as you can probably tell by the top right, we have some preliminary winner results of the Jupe & Juice logo competition. Well, was it a competition? I don't think so. It was more of like a bounty. As you can see on the top right, we have the initial iteration of the Jupe & Juice winner. the bounty winner. But we're going to announce that properly. We're wearing the Jupiter merch also. We got from Breakpoint, which was a five-satchel. Chat, call out our boy. Who? What? Sax? Don't worry about it. He's doing his thing. It's all good. Let him do it. I'm hogging all of the limelight today. Fuck Sax. It's all about Jupiter juice with Wake. Mutant Labs and Juju Girl. Irish, what have we got today, sir? What news have we got cooking? Bring it up. Let's just hijack. Let's just hijack Jupe and Juice. We don't need sex anymore. Oh, yeah, yeah. Click into it, please, sir. Today is fuck sex. Exactly. It's usually fuck wake. Click on the article. Thank you, sir. Give us a scroll. So this is the DAO newsletter, the guys in the DAO cook-up. I think the AG, the Chad, is involved in this. And I think he is also working with Liam, the AI guy, but I'm not sure whether that's been rolled out yet. I have hacked JJ, yeah. I've actually blocked Sax. Sax can't even join at this point. It's all planned. We do this live. 8Pro is here, obviously. Come on. How can you not know that 8Pro is here? Have you been living in a cave? Because if you have, you might have missed it. But 8Pro is here. It's Jeeper's iteration of Pump Fun, but it has a bunch more than Pump Fun. And actually, really interestingly, since 8 Pro has started to build up Steam, Pump Fun has launched out some features and other stuff that... I don't know. There's some... Listen, all right, I don't know who could compete with Joe and the Jupiter team from the Ape guys. I don't know why you would try, but Pump Fund's hold on market mindshare right now is beefy. So it's going to be interesting to see who emerges the winner. Apro went live. I think it was... When was it? It was like... like last week or something last week it went live um and it's a vibe dude it's so easy to use it's so quick and it's so easy to lose money more importantly scroll down and make money and make your bags trade with caution meme coins are risky um oh yeah asr so don't forget to claim your asr tokens because i actually remember some horror stories of someone like legitimately just not claiming the ASR, which is crazy to me. But saying that, I did forget to vote in one of them. Who else forgot to vote in one of the Dupedal votes? Because that hurt me big time in my ASR awards. But it's live. Just go to AG, pick up your ASR rewards. I think you need Solana in your wallet to be able to claim it. So if you're having problems, make sure there's Solana there. There's also Cloud. Yeah, yeah, yeah. There's Cloud too for those that participate in the Cloud vote. So yeah, go get your rewards, boys and girls. That's why we do this. Yeah, you missed two votes. Brutal. I missed one. I'm sad, bro. DBR token is live, which was a success. The dudes from Dbridge came on a planetary call a week or two ago and they yapped live about the launch. So if you missed that, they dropped all of the requirements that allowed you to participate in the vault because it was quite exclusive, actually. It was very exclusive, the DBR live token. roll out so hey man um we wish them the best we love dude d bridge is very quick uh there's no t the cool thing about d bridge is that there's no tvl right there's no total value locked in d bridge uh they just do um peer-to-peer it's just very cool it's very quick um yeah go down to d bridge Okay. Yeah, that's all good. Let's leave the article now. Let's get to our next bit of news. Let's look at a little bit of that art real quick. That's cute, man. Come on, bruh. That is so cute. It kind of looks like a Pokemon, which reminds me of one of our guests today. Scroll up. Oh, yeah. This guy is such a rat, bruh. Like this dude has been flooding my bags for years. What's his name? Kashkari. He's been flooding our bags, boys. He's been flooding our bags for years. All right. We are resilient, though. We are trench resilient. We have our trench spades out. We're not worried about this. So basically, this dude is saying that... All it is is a scam. And okay, like a lot of it is, but there is some like technology here that can actually improve the lives of everybody in the world, which is nice because we have some global perspectives today and some community-started initiatives to showcase as well, which is a big double. It's global, baby. Scroll up. Yeah, fuck this guy. He's a rat. Hey. Yo. Sax, really quickly, before you make your excuses, what's this? What does this guy's face, like, don't read the tweet, right? What does that guy's face tell you? Wrongan. Absolute wrongan. Absolute wrongan. Just looks like a wrongan to me. That's it. What does it say? What's the tweet about? So he's saying that crypto is a scam. He's been basically funding our bags for years, bro. This Kashgaru guy. He's saying that it's only used to launder money and buy meth. Yeah. I mean, let's just address the elephant in the room. Why am I late? Why the hell? I was just with you five minutes ago. Did the announcement in the Discord. And I thought, you know, I thought in my head, right? I had the urge. Now, I hate saying these kind of things live on TV. Well, not on TV, but we're on... Well, where are we going? Nature called, right? Nature called. And so I'm like, cool. You know, I've got five minutes. I can do this. So I go. And what happens is... a problem a problem occurs right it was the longest weed known to man it was no no no well you know i don't want to go into details but i do what i need to do and then when i flush my toilet overflowed bro my toilet over no way yeah yeah but i was hammering the flush like because i was like damn i need to get out of here you know my wife was complaining she's like the smell this that and i was like damn like I'm flushing, I'm flushing. The, the, the water overflowed, right? Cause I was, there's a lot of tissue in there basically. And, oh, the water overflowed and it went on my fucking socks and shit. So I'm like, nah, bro, I need to like wash and wash my feet and change my socks and this, that, and the other. I had to clean the bathroom. And so all that was going on while I could hear you in the background kind of thing, like, do you produce a start in this? And, And you know, like, it's like extra, extra pressure because you're like, damn, I need to get there. So it's like, I was fumbling all over the place. You know what I'm saying? Then I come here and I'm putting like, putting fairy liquid on my hands and stuff. I'm like, bruh. Honestly, I'm washing with fairy liquid and shit because I'm like, that was not nice. That would dry your skin out, man. Only on Juke & Juice do you get toilets that explode at the start of the show, everybody. That's content. I just had a mare, bro. An absolute mare. But it looks like he was handling things very well. And thank you. Thank you for all the nice comments welcoming me back and everything. Yeah, I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. So, you're looking at the news. This guy. Let's move on from the wrong end. Yeah. Is this got sound? Can you run it up with sound? I'm Katoshi and Jupiter is home because being a cat meme is perfect. So So for those that didn't attend the CWG office hours yesterday, which by the way, if you don't attend the CWG office hours, what are you doing, Brett? It's like a 4 p.m. UTC on Mondays. If you want to know what's going on from like, let's say a work group perspective, get into the discord at 4 p.m. on Mondays UTC. But Satchel came up with this idea that was really fire that, you know, a lot of community members or as many as we can get are going to record shorts in the local environment, whether that be, you know, in your garden, you know, at the pub, whatever. And you're going to show a record, a short message saying Jupiter's home. So that's an example, which is a cook, which is Katoshi's example of Jupiter's home. Sure. Um, and there's, we're going to cook something up special for you guys, but, um, yeah, go to CWD office hours, dude. Yes, indeed. Uh, So the idea, well, they've put a bounty out for it. So the idea is to sort of... This is an image, not the video, but it's the same sort of... Yeah, so I mean, what Katoshi's done there, he's done the idea itself. I suppose this bounty is for an image. I don't know if they're going to include videos as well, but they've specifically asked for an image, so it's probably just going to be an image. But it's the same thing, right? Capture Y... JUP is home. And the same thing goes for the idea Satchel was talking about was, you know, what does the JUP mean to you? Why is JUP home? Make a little clip post that on Twitter and then actually Satchel and us as the Jupe & Juice working group will get all those videos together and we'll make a nice compilation video of what JUP means to the community. So it will be nice to get that going. As Sacks rightly pointed out, this bounty is not a video bounty. This is actual... a bounty bounty for images and you could win some USDC by doing it but the video we're not so sure about the format of that so don't be submitting a million videos expecting you're going to get a bounty because none of that's confirmed but this this is an image bounty go cook on the feed yeah Get that out there. But it would be nice to see your takes, just like Kotoshi's, something similar to what Kotoshi's done. It would be nice to see you guys drop some stuff on X, telling us why, you know, JUP is home for you guys. You know, we'll do our own as well. Really quickly, before we bring anyone else on, why is JUP home to you, bruh? You're on your phone all the time. Is that why? um jup is home because it's it's become it's like before with nfts right it was like you you always became like part of a community it's like you rocked their pfp and that ultimate automatically like got you the support of that community right it's like if you rocked uh a d god or an okay bear or a teo robotics or or uh a cats on crack whatever it may be those people yeah like straight away they you know people would raid your tweets on twitter like they would they would just be there in the comments they would show up it you you felt like something like you felt like you was part of something uh And for me, that feeling kind of went away a little bit when NFTs kind of died down and the bear market kind of died. It started really setting in. But we stuck around through all that, right? We stayed in those communities. We did those things. Well, like idiots, but just in our nature, you know what I mean? Yeah, true that. We were about the community. So we were like the last to... Not necessarily leave, but yeah, like so many people came and went, we saw them come and go. We saw them come and go. We saw them come and go. Right. And for me, it was like, whilst all that was happening, like, uh the whole jupyverse was like coming to fruition right and then when we came into the jupyverse it's like those community members were there and it's like the same community members are still here now right how long has it been it's been since the jupyery drop it's been nine months uh 10 months now it's been 10 months yeah yeah but we wasn't there for the whole 10 months like we came after the jupyery drop we really became super active maybe um February time or something like that, February, March time. I mean, we came in pretty active. We came in like guns blazing. So I would say around then. It wasn't jupiter when we did, right? And a lot of people did during jupiter, but some of those people have left. But the core community members who have been there from day one are still there, right? And with jupiter, it it feels like home like i don't see people coming and going i don't feel like oh this this person will be here today but tomorrow i know he'll sell his nft and move on be part of another community it's like everyone who's involved in jup is here like they they got something and it attracted them that's kind of like me like i got my airdrop and it attracted me to find out what is going on with you do you know i mean like it was the airdrop that got me interested in jup and so um And now it's just like, I'm here, you know, like you guys gave me the key to the house and I've walked in, you know what I mean? And I like it here. It's comfortable here. I like the people here. So Dupes home, it was, uh, some people took, got the airdrop and they spent it and they didn't really care about the, the, the, the home itself. Right. But I feel like it's not like an NFT thing where people just come and go, come and go. I feel like the same people, the solid community is like remaining and growing and, uh, It's just better, you know, in my opinion. And it feels good. It feels good to be part of it. It's like news when someone doesn't show up anymore. You know what I mean? Like in other NFT collections, it was kind of just the general day-to-day churn of people. But as you may have just seen, Juju doesn't think that NFTs are dead, so we're going to find out about exactly why right now, introducing Juju's girl, the legend herself, to Jupe & Juice. Welcome, Juju. Welcome to Jupe & Juice. Been excited about this one, to be honest. Yes. It's been a long time coming. I see Juju on the feed. I see you doing all this stuff for Jupiter. You know, it's cool. You're an active person. And so, you know, you're a retard. You got a retardio as well. So you're part of the retardio community, obviously. They're a strong NFT community. They're not willing to back down. They're not trying to see the NFTs. just go out just yet. So, yeah, man, it's a nice opportunity to speak to you and I'm glad that you came on, man. It's an honour for us. Yeah, me too. It's an honour. I'm glad to speak with you guys. I'm so happy. I'm so excited to be here. So, like... J.M., everyone, my colleagues. J.M., J.M., J.M. On the Life of space. Lovely. So we saw some of your retarded homies like rate the tweet earlier. What's it like? Like you said the NFTs aren't dead and I'm sort of on the same page. But it's like there needs to be a reason to hold it. Gone are the days where you just pick up an NFT to expect profit. Because let's be real, nobody makes profit in NFTs anymore. So it's like, why do you like Retardio? They turn up on your tweets. Is it just because it's a family? What's the vibes? Is it the memes? Exactly. Their family, of course, is just... Like I said, NFTs are not dead. It's just that you are holding the wrong projects because NFT have evolved from just being a quick flip where you make money, but it has become something like a community that connects you because when people say NFTs are dead, the strongest community so far is still NFTs. Without NFTs, I won't even get to know Jupiter. Let's be honest. I get to know Jupiter, use Jupiter based on the NFTs I was holding that time. And being able to get coins and there's, oh, you have to use Jupiter to swap. so that was where we started and stacking up um uh our upcoming airdrop which actually happened this january you understand so to me i believe nft is the strongest community in web3 like I'm just saying this, that you, all this meme coins you see here is being shared in, in NFT communities. Without those communities, those NFT, um, those meme coins you see, they won't even be pumping the way it is pumping right now. So, um, And if you check out the top meme coins now, you see that the meme coins have NFTs too, like SPS, Retardio. Even Milady have a coin coming up. And a lot of them, Glob, like I mentioned them, they are all meme coin NFTs, you see. So when someone say NFTs are dead, I'm just like, no, you don't know. It's just that you've been minting shitty stuff these days. And it doesn't mean you're dead. Pay attention to the way, know what is in work right now. If the communities are not active, you see how retarded they turn up. This is one thing I like about my cousins. We do this thing for fun because the mindset we have from day one is that we're just here to have fun, be retarded. At the same time, we are actually making money because There is no cousin of mine that will say, okay, I admitted this NFT and I've not made money. It's a lie. You have made the money... like triple, many times, you know, with everything that the community have achieved. So I believe that all of us are actually happy. We are just having fun. And that's why if I'm doing something and I post it, my cousins will always have my back. Same way I will always have their back because that's what makes community, you know, That's what other people see and say, oh, I want to join this community. Same thing with Jupiter. You see what cadets are all doing. Just the same way we are doing these Jupenjos, you know. So communities, like any project you're building on Web3 right now, if you don't have the community, you're just wasting time, you know. Yeah. Yeah, I totally agree with you. And actually the vibes that you're explaining is like really the, what made me love, uh, love, uh, NFTs, you know, the whole community aspect, right? Like I was saying earlier. Um, but I mean, have you not been in a community where you've had what you're getting now with Retardio and you've just seen it totally die out? Like, or really like go from being up here to all of a sudden the vibes have just gone completely. And I, and, you know, that's the experience I had because I suppose I wasn't so... I wasn't in retardios. It's like I put so much energy into one specific community that when it went down, it kind of put me off maybe moving on to another NFT community. And then I found my resolve with the cadets and Juke, right? So do you feel... Do you think this is exclusive to Retardios? Because they are doing really well. Mad Lads are doing well. D-Gods are still somewhat... They have a strength in them as a community. But I see a lot of other galactic geckos as well. They're doing well. But there's a lot of other ones that were around back in the day that, you know, they've really, like, fell off a cliff. They fell off, bruh. Yeah. It's brutal. What's your opinion on that? It's brutal. Well, I think... One thing is finding the right people. Why I love retargeting is, you know, there was a time I also had this mindset like, NFTs are dead, you know, fuck this, I'm done with NFTs. But I knew that there was a lot of what actually ruined the NFTs. I think it's because some of them were playing too much cabal like the the wagmi cabals type of shit like they made it so why you can see how um jupiter is so accessible like if you go into the discord you can connect with anybody All these NFTs, if you check them way back, they made it so hard for you to access people. If I show you the founder of Retardio, you won't even believe he's the founder because he's just a padded motherfucker. He's a very fun guy you know i love them like he's somebody that you you can have conversation and they'll they are in reply session they they are like reply that they do basically everything everybody is doing and you know this thing makes people feel like oh i belong to this you know i belong yeah you know and uh you see all this community they they don't want to evolve that's something because people are just tired of you know um I think one thing about all these network spirituality projects that they don't, the cancel culture that was in NFT that actually killed most of these NFTs is what these people like, they don't said so much rules like don't do this don't tweet this shit like they just have fun you know and when i tell people that the italian doesn't have discord group um you know that they only have telegram you know and some of them don't even belong to these groups but you see them active on twitter you know active on conversation connecting with people you know you meet people just because You know, you're having fun. People just like you that you are just being free. So the freedom that we get from holding this NFT and having fun, I think that's what people see and say, oh, I belong here. You know, I want to stay here. I'm having fun here. So most of these NFTs, like if you go to their chat, it's so boring. Like you are so scared of saying something to piss somebody, you know, all those things before you go. so much rules and the communities are dying down and all those things but when people just come have fun you know it i think it's what makes um web3 so lively like sometimes it's so worried here because everybody's angry i lose money from coins but when you join some chats you know you see even though you lose money today but when you go into the chat you see people making you happy, you know, hacking for like other things. You just forget, oh, I just lost money. So these are stuff that the network spirituality projects, you know, that's one thing I like about them. Yeah, it's like a cult. And also the new young people like this type of NFTs because they don't want so much drama. So that is why you see that even the projects that have good products, their community are fed in a way. Their NFTs are not doing well because some of them don't like those vibes. Yes. Yeah, they're not plugged in. They're They're stiff is how I describe it. They're like stiff. Exactly. They're so stiff. You just need to... You even see how... Is that Frank? The gods have to leave even the discord and say, okay, I'm going to create the gods... Telegram. Yeah, yeah. And just let everybody have fun. And you see now, you know, it's no longer stiff like it was before. So, yeah. Yeah, yeah. He's on his poker arc right now, isn't he? Yeah, he's on his poker arc. Yeah, poker arc. A little birdie tells me that you're actually a founder too, so you're part of Super Team. What? You're a dupe, Maxi. I was saying what? And you're a founder, but I actually really want to bring up Juju's video of the super team meet up in Nigeria. Can we bring that up? I know that you need to swap the source. We've got Irish on that. Don't worry about that, Juju. You're the guest. All right. Okay. Yeah, he's a very wholesome dude. How many events have you done, Juju? Because you've done quite a few, no? So tell us a little bit about the different events you've done and how many there's been so far and stuff. Okay. Actually, this year I've gone to so many events. And, of course, the Super Team ecosystem calls, I don't like. like missing it and I'm also co-founder of um nft Nigeria it's like we have this event the five summer where it's it's like one of the biggest web3 events in Africa if I will say because the return of this year was really amazing so and uh also different other tech related events that I go and as long as there's Web3 in it, you know, crypto, I love to go there. So, and also represent brands like Retardio, Albit, Jupiter and so many other projects. Yeah. So... So you're there. You're at the event. So everybody, go ahead. Yeah, I have to be there because I want to represent what I love, you know, and that's something that's... I just, if I like something, definitely I put in my best to it, you know, share it. And remember, I was one of the first elite cadets on the Duke Planetary Corps. That's right, yeah. Anytime people see me, if I go to an event, they're like, oh, I saw you on Jupiter. You were representing us. I'm so happy. They start asking so many questions. I'm like, oh, yeah, yeah. You check them out. Go to the Discord. And that was why, like on the video, you can see the pamphlets. We're able to create the pamphlets to share it to people so they can get all information they need to know about jupiter so because most people don't really have time to start one-on-one interaction because anytime i go to events i don't even have much time to convert because i'm talking to this person somebody else is calling me so i thought of how do i make sure that everybody gets to know Chufita. So I said, okay, let's do the pamphlet. So this way we spread it out and people have it. And I also made some merch giveaway and shout out to... Yeah, I was going to ask about that. So like the merch, the t-shirts and the pamphlets and the displays. Were these all... Was this a super team thing or were... Like who arranged that? The... Okay, to be honest. Okay, for the merch, everything, I funded that. Oh, wow. Respect. I'm not even a cat debt yet in Discord. Cat debt work group. Come on, bro. Maybe we can get this sorted out. Yeah, go on. So you went and got these yourself. You actually designed them and everything and had them made and bring them to the event. That's amazing. Yeah. I also do a little bit of design on the side. So I did those designs. And I also had extra help like Monad, who who is the community manager of Super Team Nigeria in Lagos state. So he was able to help me arrange the venue to bring all the stuff. Then Sampan is the writer, the content creator. He helps me in writing and in the writers and everything. And Ife, Sorry, I think he helped me in making the videos and stuff. So these are like the team that I set up. And I was like, guys, join me. Let's make Jupiter Africa because all these things inspired me to create Jupiter Africa because I've noticed in the Discord, we don't even have any African country in that channel. And I'm like, I think I've told Mia one time on the space, like, why does it feel like we are left out out of this jupiter game jp very slight so and but one thing i like jupiter is that it doesn't matter wherever you are as long as you're in discord you don't really feel that but i feel like we still need that channel you know where you can go and speak your language a million percent i agree totally totally yeah it's something that we don't have there so i was like okay The Jupiter Africa is just to make sure that any events that is happening over here, we are there to represent Jupiter. So that's why we created the Jupiter Africa. So any physical real life events, not just online, we want to go more on the real life because people really underestimate how real life events works. You connect with people in real life. It's more effective than most science. It's so much better. because the memories the people you meet the things you engage with people easily forget it and and that's why i i thought of the idea of making those match because i see people they're rocky they tag me oh thank you for this t-shirt is it and this is one thing that super team nigeria also do like anytime you attend the super team ecosystem call you definitely going to get something And when you take it home, you always remember Super Team Matthew. So all these little things is very, very important. And so that's why I said, OK, let's go with the Africa one. Yeah. It's a vibe. It's a massive vibe. And I love that you just did it. Like, that is really the spirit of Joop. It's just doing it. It's like getting up and doing it. And, like, funding yourself is obviously, like, a baller move. But, yeah, we need to get you cat debt minimum in Discord, Juju. Like, what is going on? What is going on? Minimum. Like, IRL events, come on. That's crazy. Yeah. Let's watch a little bit of this video, Irish, and then I want to move on to some other stuff. Let's go. Let it play, let it play. Let it play. I'm glad you got that bit at the end. Has anyone from Jupiter reached out to you about this event yet? No. Not yet? Yeah. I don't know. Maybe... I don't think so. I don't know if somebody has reached out to me. Because so do... Soju is like putting out, you might be interested in this, so I'll just drop this out for quickly. You know Soju, he's part of Jupiter. So he recently put out a tweet basically saying like he wants to help people who do IRL meetups. He'll be like, he'll give them a small grant. So yeah, hit up Soju, hit up Soju and find out more about that. But anyway, like thank you for doing that for Jupiter by the way, like big love, big love. It looks like you guys cook. Was there food, by the way? Was there food? Yeah. Super team ecosystem called, you know, the super team team, they arrange the food. There's food. All of that. The founder, and let me tell you, when I was thinking, what should I do for Jupiter? Because I've seen when the grant process started, like people want to do some stuff. I'm like, For me, I believe maybe because of my experience in communities that have been to like, all these networks, we basically do stuff without even getting paid. You see that mindset. So I had that mindset and I'm like, why don't we just do something and prove to the team that, oh, you can literally do this as a community. So that was where I reached out to them. founder I'm like I'm thinking of something crazy I want to do something for Gavita and he was like okay um you know you the super team ecosystem call is also a perfect place to do all those your ideas and I'm like yeah you know I started walking through I said you know plan you know get fund to set of funds that I want to spend on this. So yeah, so when I was ready, I had to do it. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you so much. Have we looked at the artwork? So you do... Did I miss that? Or are we going back to that? No, no, no. We haven't yet. This is your artwork? There's so much to cover. Yes. This is so cool, man. Take us off screen. Go full screen. Talents on talents you have, Juju. The thing is, it's a screen share. It's not going to change much. Just put us back. So... It's not going to change anything. We're just going to see trash from your... You could open the image as a new browser window, but that's long. Just... Nah, we're doing all this stuff. So... Yeah, so your artwork is pretty cool, man. So tell us, what inspires these images? Well, how do you do it even? Like, is this digital? Yeah, I have a tablet. Yeah, I do post it online. You know, I draw. Yeah, I'm an artist, so... the what inspires me if you see my art you see it's so african afrocentric because yeah i've right from when i was a kid i always loved art you know especially storybooks and most times the storybooks that I get, you know, I barely see artworks that represent me as an African person and that can actually dictate what it means to be an African. So I was like, okay, maybe I should start doing it, probably, you know? i was doing all this stuff until the piracy they start pirating my works printing them making a whole lot of money from my artwork why i made nothing from it so that was where i said you know what i'm done i'm going to nfts you know you guys can like it is the NFT projects that I work that actually make more money than the artworks I make myself. You know, that was so, I really enjoy making those ads, especially this one. You know, people accuse me of using AI at the end of it. Oh, really? No, you can see this is legit. Like, you can see that. If you know art, you can tell that this is not AI. This is... Like, the accusation is so much, I even stop defending myself because it's a waste of time. They say I use AI. I'm like, okay, yeah, fine. If that makes you happy and... of course even in the AI art you can see a lot of AI artists actually making more money on web3 than actually real artists out there so like the whole thing is like I would say life is not fair but I'm just like things are just fucked up and there is no need of me wasting my time doing arts you know and at the end of the day people pirate it and I don't even make money from this. Like sometimes I pass, I see my artworks in display. I'm like, what the hell? Like, no way. Really? And yeah. And my country, they don't even take access here. Like if you go to take somebody to court or police, like, Oh, somebody's stealing my art. Nobody's going to give a fuck about that. Wow. Yeah. That's why I really like Web3. Web3 is really helping a lot of artists. That's what many people don't know. That's why I feel like NFTs will never be there, but I think art will evolve. Art will not be there, but it will evolve and it will get to a point where Like, basically, Web3 can't do without art. I'm just saying. I'm just saying. Meme coins, yeah, but I'm just saying, like, you cannot do without art. Even the meme coins, you still need the art. The story, the lore, everything is all artistic. So when people say art is dead, it's never dead. It's going to evolve. That's what I feel about it. if you're an artist over there listening to me don't die for evolve you know get no other tools you know to help yourself you know don't don't hate ai like i don't use ai but i don't hate it like i think anybody that wants to use ai will just evolve don't die for because if you die for somebody else gonna repeat us so i'm just saying Don't die, poor boys. You heard it. All right, come on, man. The detailing, this goes crazy, by the way. I love them. Yeah, I enjoy, I love detailing, right? I just want to put all the information because one thing, if you notice some of my ads is that I'm saving memories because some things in this act doesn't exist anymore. Like the architecture, the scenery, like civilization is taking away some of these details. So that is... I started making this art and I was very intentional like putting all the information like the details that I think in many years now all these things won't exist anymore so I'm kind of documenting something I might not make money from this but I know in future probably schools and universities might be using it as a reference you know that's nice That's deep as well. And it's sad that, you know, in Nigeria, that's the case that, you know, the artists aren't protected. And, you know, clearly you've put a lot of work into these and someone can just come and take your stuff. They look like hours. Yeah. Days and weeks, more like. So it's the thing where, It would be nice if you had the protections that maybe you would get in another nation. But also, it's kind of like a verification that you are such a good artist, that people will actually take your stuff. Yeah. Yeah. So that's that's one way to look at it, I suppose. But they're amazing. So have you stopped completely doing these now or are you are you still are you still making up? yeah I'm still making because I also plan to do exhibition next year at exhibition in my country yeah um but right now I'm kind of focused on the NFTs you know yeah yeah yeah I'm trying to create my own NFTs and this year have been so awesome I'm able to you know, some of my one of ones and also I'm able to connect with communities, you know, like today I'm so overjoyed because I reach out to one community and say, I need your support and they were like, yeah, sure. Like, go ahead. So some of these top projects right now, you know, connecting with them and seeing them wanting to support Radis it means a lot to me yeah so Radis is this your project then Radis this is I was gonna say this is a nice segue let's yeah let's yeah let's yeah um Before we get into the nitty-gritty of rallies, everybody who's watching, thank you so much for being here with Juke and Juice, chilling with us live and direct on a Tuesday. Make sure you like and retweet the stream. There's a lot of Jupiter comms going on right now, so the feed is just Juke, Juke, Juke, Juke. So we want to get out there, boys and girls. So retweet it. Interact with the Jupe Juice Twitter, get those shares, get the retweets out. Let's let everyone know that we're out here streaming and some really interesting stuff. Obviously JuJuGirl is a superstar in the Jupeverse. She's really putting in a shift here it seems, man. She's been cooking up a lot of stuff and we're finding out about it. Radis is something that you're you're doing. So this is your artwork and this is your project, right? Yes, yes. Both ghosties. I'm creating this Raditz because I really want to build something. You know, I just don't want to... You know, when you go out to events and people are like, oh, you're an NFT artist. And I feel like since I'm more into the DJ parts of the web three not really the one of one artist I'm not really that I'm more into the NFT collection so anytime I go out and try to introduce myself people always I feel, okay, you're a wonderful artist. And when I start talking about DJ stuff and they're like, oh, okay, you are really into this crypto stuff. I thought you were just an artist. But I felt like, okay, let me actually build. Because the thing is, I've worked on a couple of projects way back in 2020, 2023. And my experience being with three artists on projects is is quite sad yeah a lot of no payments i'm guessing yeah they robbed me yes every time after me it's at a point it seems like they are giving information to the other person go she's going to work on your project without um so yeah like four to five different projects did that to me and i didn't get paid like you know and during this january when the meme cycle was up you know everything was pumping i see i saw one of the page you know just came up and start posting things i'm like hell no you're wrong you know i have to put up a disclaimer under the actually you know uh delete the account because of the disclaimer like this this is my experience and and when my wallet was hacked last year I kind of um get depressed I left work three a bit and I came back because of Jupiter so you see why Jupiter wow that's great I don't joke with Jupiter because you know I just made something you know I wasn't even expecting to get that amount you know it just happened and it restored my hope my faith because I literally lost everything you know on my birthday like my wallet was hacked on your birthday It was the worst birthday of my life last year. And I'm just so happy, you know, I came back and started connecting and boom, I got to get into all these projects like Retardio and stuff, which actually, you know, I was so happy, you know, the progress so far. And that was where the felt like I really need to start building, not to work for people anymore, but with the experience I had working on projects, why don't you just create? I've always had this self-doubt, like, oh, I'm a Nigerian, nobody's going to fuck with me, nobody's going to support me. But getting into the right communities, like the angels, the 133 angels, the retards and stuff, I kind of felt like nobody really think that way you know people would naturally love you and support you and and so far so good you know i found a community that really supports me and it's really i feel so overjoyed you know everything you know I feel so happy. Yeah, so that's why I said, okay, let me just create this project and see how it goes. And yeah, so far so good. We've been organically growing. I just opened the page and we have over 300 followers now. Let's scroll down. Let's fucking go. This is massive. I'm really having fun with the project. Yeah. no no problem just having fun with the project so I that's where the ghosties so the ghosties was just like a fun Halloween project like because Radis is going to get white leads from different communities so I wanted how do I give people whitelist without them having to stress to get a whitelist for or hustle because you know the hustling whitelist meta is gone like I don't even people to do that if you check my tdc I always say any project that will bless you will never stress you so any project that can you say that again one more time I love Jifita because any project that is going to stress you will never bless you. Any project that will bless you we never stress yeah it will never like look at the Jupiter airdrop is still one of the best airdrops in decade like people didn't really do much like you just open your wallet and you just claim something like that is that is beautiful and something like that um unicorn a drop this year did it like those projects you don't need to stress to get all these things it's just i hate when people stress people with all this and at the end of the day they don't give you the right a drop so it doesn't really work look at how you know asr rewards that we just got yesterday you see like to vote like what else did we do? We didn't do basically did nothing but Jupiter keeps rewarding the community. So that's why you see when I'm doing stuff for all these projects, I do it for fun, for love because this is something that is so rare. You know, we have a lot of grifters coming into this ecosystem, destroying all the beautiful things, making people have trust issues when you have products. projects genuinely building just have fun and make money in peace so there is no stress at all so yeah um so i made a ghosties because you can see the ghosties nft like it's so beautiful and i was like what the not this one the the the first one yeah those ones yeah yeah so that's sick yeah so You've got an eye for this stuff. 111 only. So it's a very small collection. And I'm on Halloween day. That's 31st of October. So in case you don't belong to any network spirituality projects like Retardio and other stuff, you know, and I would also like to give some credits, you know, maybe I might drop a... I will need some credits on the space today on Dupont Juice like if you are here I don't know how I'll do that but yeah how will we do it okay okay we can make that happen we can make that happen so we have a lot of people in chat how can we do this maybe we pick one at random at the end and then we tweet about it yeah We'll figure something out. Thank you so much. If you're watching the show, go and follow the Ghosties Twitter and go and have a look at Maddy's Twitter as well. Obviously, you see that Juju is working on a whole lot of stuff. She's Some say that NFTs are dead and she's saying no. It's impossible that they could ever die. I'm here and I'm going to keep them alive. Drop the follow. What are we doing here? What are we doing here, Irish? Drop the follow. Drop the follow and drop some likes. Is it not doing it? I don't know what's wrong with it. Can I give some alpha to those watching? Yeah, let's hear the alpha. for for nft projects in case you want to meet nft project are actually gonna cook look at the engagement like don't don't look at the followers like that's wanting people oh of course if i see any project i have over 1 000 i don't i don't i don't even want to also for the white because I know that sometimes they already bought it sometimes it's water and stuff like most you know when um Richard you made like they were not not to 500 followers if I'm being honest like no this is how you know organic projects like they don't it's not about making noise and stuff I think they were like giving them away right which I did I think they were like giving some away and And also paying influencers to post and share the stuff and you think, oh, this is good. Like most of these projects that don't pay influencers that are just genuinely cooking, just look at it because they are trying to build a very strong community. And that is the kind of project you should be looking into, not projects that already paid influencers to share it and make it so popular and so because sometimes it doesn't last because if you check all the the project of 2022 2023 like those products that actually have products and check check them they also paid influencers to shield those projects and everybody coming there was coming with the mindset of oh i'm about to flip this and make thousands of money meanwhile projects that bless you we will definitely not go through that route like when i tell people i will not stress you my lady my lady nfc it took months to make out you know what yeah yeah yeah Most of these projects that are organically, they are very slow and steady. That's what you should be keen into because that's where you meet original organic community that you might actually fuck with in the future. So I'm just giving this out. I'm not saying that, oh, writing is good, but I'm just saying giving that alpha so you you pay attention because a lot of grifters are out there you know making grifts nfts but just look at organic and also at the devs behind them even the midpoints check the desk what are these cams bros sorry juju sorry what are these this is why i like you now now it's online every day like look at me now look at all these founders you see that these founders they are active they are shit posters they they don't give a fuck you know that's wanting meow armani oh why is jupiter jupiter like Look at the founders. That defines the community itself because they are just normal people and they are not here to make you feel like, oh, I need to watch what I have to say. Look at how Nia vibes. He's just a guy that loves cats. That's all. You look at projects and the founders, are they really active? Is it people that once you or buy their project or buy into their project tomorrow, they are nowhere to be found. You understand? So you pay attention in all these things. So just do your research. Non-financial advice board. You know, do your own research and pay attention. If you know, you know. Yeah, all these details are very important so that you don't come tomorrow and say, oh, Web3 is a scam, it's a ponzi. Meanwhile, there are people out there actually making good use of opportunities. Like, look at Solano. so many products on solana like i don't know like sometimes i feel like solana is not doing much in in showing people what their deaths are actually doing because there are so many products in solana and you can see people literally working and that's why i appreciate super team a lot for what they are doing worldwide because without super team you know especially people like me from this demograph you can see that super team have actually made people know that nigerians actually have hard working people because all the time when when when i tell people like projects that i want to work with oh i'm i'm from nigeria oh he's a she's a scammer like don't do things with nigerians that's comments but having super team you know and the team behind it you know it changed the game now you can't really say oh nigerians are all scammers but you can actually say oh nigerians are hard-working people so that's one thing i really appreciate solana for doing and super team is doing great work Yes, Super Team, you are doing a whole lot of work here. And I'm telling you, if you are watching here anywhere you are, just join any Super Team. And don't forget to join the Jupiter Discord because that is the home. But for me... I love Jupiter on Twitter. Like, I'm very active on Twitter. And I feel like... That's how we saw you. That's how we noticed you. Yeah. A lot of us need to... And thank you, Jupe and Jules, for what you are doing. Because without you guys, sometimes I don't even know what is happening on Jupiter. If not Jupe and Jules, you know, being on social media. I want all... Also, all the cadets, listen, let's expand. Do whatever you have to do because Jupiter, you can listen to what Meow said. He has a 20 years plan for Jupiter. So see Jupiter as something that you are early. Just see it like, I'm early on this project. Do your thing. Jupiter will always reward you one way or the other. The friends, the connection that you make is very, very important. Like, don't wait till somebody gives you handouts for you to do something for any community you feel like I belong to this community do things you know there is reward coming like if I tell you how many projects reach out to me after seeing the Jupiter video I'm like okay I'm sorry I still need to talk to the Jupiter team because they're like I want to you to just i'm like okay let me just finalize with biblical first before i know if i have to join you guys like a lot of people see all this stuff so even yeah the feedback on the feed is the wave somebody is watching what you are doing online and definitely somebody will need that stuff so like I'm very happy today that you know some people like that event that happened the ecosystem call I'm I'm very happy that a lot of people will go home and when you ask them Jupiter they'll say yeah I know Jupiter like yeah I know what Jupiter is all about so yeah so those things are very important let's do things you know Because that's what actually brings more people on board, more people into the ecosystem. They get to know what Web3 is all about. So please do your best. We were... Actually, Gigi, before we bring up our mutant one homies, mutant labs, actually, it'd be cool for you to meet them too, but... We were going to ask you what PPP means to you at the end of our interview today. And it's like, you've just answered it like really well. And it was so organic. I don't know whether I want to ask it again. What do you reckon, Saxx? No, I think with Jujugirl, it's just a straight-up passion. When you speak, I can just hear your passion. I can tell that you are all about this life. There's no pretending what you're doing. What you're doing is straight from the heart. And I feel it's obvious and plain to see. You are a PPP person. The alpha that you have dropped is very true. If someone who's a big KOL and they're shilling something, more... More than likely, it's something you probably don't even want to get involved with. Get involved with things that are nice and early, organic, grassroots. Get involved. Be the reason why these things succeed, right? Put your passion into things and be part of things. Don't wait around for other people to do things. Do them yourself. And so, yeah, you're embodying PPP. You're putting PPP out there. I don't think the question is necessary. PPP is the way to go. You are PPP. Do you think we can give Juju her cat debt role right now? I think we can. Why couldn't we? The fact that it hasn't happened, I was shocked when the boys told me earlier, they were like, you know, Juju hasn't got cat debt. I was like, what? I think... During the last G Planetary call, I had, you know, they were supposed to give it to me. I guess they'll forget. And me, I don't really like disturbing people. I'm like, okay, maybe with time they will give me the role. I think everyone just thinks you have it, you know. Let's get it. Let's make it happen. Because when I go to events, they literally thought, you know, some of them thought I'm part of the Jupiter team. That is the, like, I'm telling you, I'm a cadet. That's all. Welcome to the cadet role. There we go. If you go out of Discord, that's it. It's done. Everyone go and welcome Juju in the CatDare channel. Let's fucking go. She's officially a CatDare, as she should have been a very long time ago, to be fair. I should. Oh my God. Thank you. But yeah, congratulations, Juju. And again, thank you for coming and thank you for being... you man thank you for being you and we're definitely gonna yeah we're definitely gonna have you back on the show if you would come back and enlighten us on Radis yeah and all the stuff you're up to in the future so thank you very much Juju and welcome to the cat debts man you are you're here now you're definitely let's fucking go let's fucking go that's it you're making me want to get a retardio as well bruh I'm telling you a lot of people are brought into the community like it's just you know sometimes the team come part of the team that is fun like once I love something I I just I like to share it like this. I have strong conditions. So when I share stuff is because I love my experience. There was so nice. And I'm like, okay, yeah, I'm going to keep spreading the gospel of Jupiter. being retarded like you know i went to one facebook event and i wore this retarded t-shirt like i was just showing work three stuff and all these people were in work so there were celebrities in in africa here so they were like oh you're into crypto yeah like i was showing them the merch that i was wearing like it was so fun like they're like oh this nerdy girl like what is she talking about Spreading the good word always. You just need to spread it because people need to know that there's opportunity here. So why do you hold information when you know it can actually change somebody's life out there? Why do you hold information? Just spread it. If they're winning, you are also winning. I don't know. That's the key spirit that I feel like people should emulate this. You need to share show other people the way because that's how you also get you know connections and you don't know i'm just saying like ppp is the way forward like and um the the cast um what's this oh my god there is no uh caps i love you No cap. There's no cap. On that note, Juju, we'll let you go and we'll see you again soon. Thank you very much. Thank you so much. Thank you, Juju. Peace out. Bye-bye. She's the whole vibe, bruh. We need to get her back on. I promise that. We will do. Time flies when Juju's on. Yeah, when Juju's on. So I actually feel mega bad for the boys because we've been keeping them in the backstage for like four hours by now. But anyway, our second guest of Juju's number 24 is Mutant Labs, which they created some pretty cool stuff on Solana. They're using Metaplex. to create a SPL 404 and SPL 303. Also, they cooked a pre-hyped NFT collection a while ago called Mutant Mon as well. So we're going to get the details from the boys now. Weedle, Chapman, Groovy, welcome to Tube & Juice. Howdy, howdy. Oh, you're muted, Groovy. Hey, guys. How's it going? Thanks for having us up. Yeah. Sorry for keeping you guys waiting for so long, but dude, juju, man. Yeah. I'm sure you heard the passion. We could not, we could not put that to bed because that's, that's something that will just live on. You know, that's something we can't, we can't stop, but we will give you as much time as you guys need. Let's go, let's go deep into 404. Tell us, tell us everything, everything about it. We're not going to, we're not going to move from here till we know everything. Don't you worry. But, Before we get into the technical nitty-gritty of the whole situation, WeedleChamp, Groovy, I know you both, but can you introduce the people? WeedleChamp, who are you, bro? Tell the truth. I'm just a guy who likes cats. No, no, I'm just kidding. I'm the co-founder of Mutant Mon and Mutant Labs. Mutant Mon is the first SPL-404. We invented SPL-404s, and... With Mutant Labs, we've partnered with Metaplex to put out MPL 404. And so I'm excited to talk about all the innovations and how we're here to help save NFTs. And Groovy, talk to us. Cool, yeah. I'm one of the other co-founders at Mutant Labs. As Weedle said, went over all of our accolades. Do you want to give a shout out to Tal for organizing all this? And shout out to the Pox guys. They've been so amazing when it comes to onboarding, educating, and really deciphering what 404s are on Solana. W. Thanks, Tal. Appreciate you, bro. So other than being a co-founder of Mutant Labs, You've both been in Web3 for a while. So what are some bits you've done before you came to work together at Mutant Labs? Sure. So actually, I started as a developer in 2021 in Solana. Shout out to BuildSpace, where I met one of the other co-founders of Mutant Labs, Potato Dev. I got excited in Solana. I was actually working in an AI startup before I found Solana Crypto, but I messed up. I bought this NFT for $40 and the next morning it was worth $13,000. So shout out to Solsteads. And so I got hooked, right? And it's like, what could I do but come into this ecosystem and learn more? You know what I mean? I've got a taco. So on December 5th, 2021, I launched a project, Doggos, sold out in 42 seconds. It was a small collection. What was that? What was the supply? 500. 500. That's not bad, bro. It wasn't bad. Solana was at $210. And, you know, I wrote it all the way down, you know, $8. Is that the bottom, Weedle? I did not sell the bottom, but I definitely... I was broke. So in 2022, we were inventing all this stuff, me and PotatoDev for Doggos. And other NFT projects came along and said like, hey, how could we use what you guys built for our project? We said, this might be a market. And so we spun up Lucky Dog Studios to help other NFT projects launch. And so throughout 2022, we helped... Many, many NFT projects get off the ground and do things like staking, etc. So that was successful. And then I was in Lisbon when the FTX news dropped right after Breakpoint. I think one day before, Solana was trading at $35 because Google said they were buying. And then the next day, FTX said... or, you know, that bankruptcy happened and it was at $16. And so, me and a bunch of the NFT bros, you know, we're just crying in our beers. So I've been there at the lowest of low. And then, you know, obviously got really excited about meme coins late '23 and just started thinking about what we could do in that space, what we could do different. And having seen the problems that a lot of NFT projects had, Me, Groovy, and the rest of the team kind of came up with SPL 404 to try to alleviate some of those problems. So I'll get off the grandstand and let Groovy kind of talk about his background. Yeah, yeah. Cool. Yeah. So come from a background in software engineering, have been on Solana since 2021. But yeah, I first started getting involved in the space, was doing like smaller stuff for our DAOs and really just kind of fell in love with the sense of community. You know, like everyone else, I came to Solana because of, you know, the great user experience and being on Salah since 2021, made some money and, you know, it wasn't fulfilling for me. And I was like, I want something more. So I started getting more involved with projects and different kinds of DAOs and, you know, really fell in love with the space and eventually founded Just Ape. So did that. I think 2021 as well. Was working at Kraken around that time and just got a lot of fulfillment from putting my all into Web3. And I was like, I'm going to leave this Web2 world behind and really kind of decide or really learn what I can contribute to Web3. And so JustApe was kind of my first thing. And then, like Weedle mentioned, kind of met these guys through just my time in the space and really wanted to create something together that left a pretty substantial impact. And that's really how we came up with MPL 404, SPL 404 at the time. And since the progression of coming out with the standard, down to getting the partnership with Metaplex has been an incredible experience completely. Yeah, W. So we actually, obviously, we had monkeypox grows on, but so why is 404303 different to other hybrid standards on MPL? Why is it different? uh so there's a few reasons right so when we came out with the spl 404 standard um it was different than the other hybrids all the other hybrids at the same time all their nfts were the same so there's projects like vice or ghost whatever um you could look and all the nfts were the same they were coming at it from a point of view of how could nfts as a rapper help meme coins And me and our co-founders, we came out of this point of view as how could the coin aspect help NFT projects? And that was something like we had unique insight into having helped launch many NFT projects in 2022 and 21. So specifically, one of the main issues NFT projects have is they get 90% of the revenue like day one, right? The mint, they get all the revenue and then they get a little bit of royalty money and that, you know, peters out. And then what happens is the treasury dries up, the money dries up and interest from the founders dies and the project gets run. Right. So one of the ways that we've challenged that model is by introducing this swap mechanism where it's kind of a loot box or gotcha pond system, right? Where you don't know what you're going to get when you swap. You could get a more rare NFT, you get a more common NFT, you can get a one-on-one potentially, or you can even do things like add seasonal traits, right? So, you know, for December only, an NFT project using MPL 404 could do something like, you know, give a Santa hat, you know, So pick your favorite collection, you know, SMB, whatever. Like you can imagine that there's like seasonal things just like there would be any other game. So we've gamified collections. We've transitioned from static NFT collections to dynamic NFT collections. Like that's one of the main drivers and one of the main differentiators for But there are more and I could go on and on and on. So how does the token allocation fit in with the dynamic traits? Let's say a collection wanted to create a seasonal accessory line, a scarf or winter. How would token allocations fit into that though? So A very simple way to understand for Forrest on Solana is that it takes the best aspects of coins and the best aspects of NFPs and merges them under one asset, right? So if we look at, you know, coins, NFTs, they're both great at different things, right? So NFTs, for example, are really great at showing out on Twitter, right? Being a community member, having a PFP. They're also great for things like token gating or, you know, being like your your Dow vote pass uh things like that and coins obviously are great at having liquidity you know and a variety of other things um so you know I lost my train of thought I remember the question don't worry don't worry I've got a question I've got a question I've got a question so with with the fact that uh nfts are supposed to be mutable right Well, this is actually something really interesting, right? So you'll remember last year, there was this whole trend of immutability, right? Inscriptions were taking off, right? And we've gone the entire other route. We've explored what inscriptions and ordinals, right, the immutability. But we're trying to say, what if they're very mutable? What if they changed a lot? Well, yeah, this is the point I'm trying to make. I miss my wording was wrong. So like, for example, having an NFT being the reason why NFT seemed so appealing in the first place, right? The immutable. Yeah, the inception was the fact that they didn't change, right? That they were immutable. They stayed the way they stayed. You know, they were on the blockchain. Once they were on there, no one could mess about with them. Provenance, I think they call it, right? Something like that? Well, no, that's different. That's going into inscriptions and when they're inscribed, that creates provenance because it's the first one, second one, whatever, right? So the first 10K, blah, blah, blah. But just NFTs in general, It was the fact that it was something on the blockchain that belonged on the blockchain and couldn't be played around with. And so it was that image. Once it was minted, once it was created, whatever traits it had, it would establish its rarity. Let's say it had laser eyes and there was only 10 of them in the collection. Those laser eyes meant you had like a better version of whatever this NFT is. And yeah, it couldn't be messed about with. I think a lot of people had a hard-lined attitude that I don't want my NFT to change. Purists, like NFT purists. What do you say to those guys? You're going to another extreme. That's a good question, bro. That is a good question. And it's something where I think people misunderstand. I think there's room for those NFTs as well. There should be immutable NFTs. And I think, you know, with the rise of ordinals, right? People who want immutable NFTs, a lot of them are looking to the, you know, Bitcoin to inscribe those, um, When I got into this space in 2021, the thing I was most excited about and which I don't think we've really seen be successful yet is NFTs in gaming. And I can imagine an NFT representing a player or a gun or some sort of item in a game that gets upgraded over time. Even before MPL4 and SPL4 came out, there were projects like DGEN 8th Academy that allowed you to upgrade your traits. I think the key here is we gave people optionality and flexibility where they didn't have any before, or it was very difficult before. Right? So now it's up to the project and the community to determine which parts are mutable, which parts are mutable, right? And to play around in that sandbox, a sandbox they didn't have real access to until now. Okay. So that's a good question. And you're saying... You believe it? You buy it? You're giving me the, I don't know, face. No, I'm just trying to get how this fits in with MPL 4 on 303. It's like, where do the tokens come in? Where do the tokens come in? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So the NFTs can be exchanged for tokens, right? And this provides a few things, right? One, the most obvious thing is it provides liquidity, right? Liquidity for NFTs can be massively improved. I mean, I'd argue Tensor when it first came out, that was its primary reason for existing, right? Was providing liquidity for NFTs. So that's part one. Part two is it now allows you to have this gotcha pond box mechanism, which now serves as an additional revenue stream for creators. Because if you can do things like have seasonal trades, then you can ensure like, hey, I know I'm going to get a little bit of bump, a little bit of money from doing this sort of event. Right. And so again, if you're incentivizing NFT creators over the long term, now the incentives are aligned over the long term to create over the long term, which is one of the big problems we've seen with NFT communities. And the last thing I'll say, which I think people don't recognize too as being a major reason these were invented, is scalability, right? So Bonk has over 800,000 holders, right? That's impossible with NFT collections today. You still have projects, let's say, Klenosaurus, which I love and think are amazing. But to grow their IP, to grow their brand, they're trying to put out more collections, right? So they have multiple collections. And you can see with Bored Ape as well. Bored Ape, Mutant Ape, they got the dogs. They just bought the owls or whatever, right? They keep having to buy these new NFT collections to try to grow their brand. Hmm. It's very a inefficient and B what happens is it really pisses off the people who already own them, right? Because if you grow quickly and there's not demand to compensate and the price goes down, right? It's like basic economics. However, with MPL 4.4, if you attach everything to a fixed supply token, right? And say, these NFTs are worth a thousand tokens, these NFTs are worth a hundred and these NFTs are worth 10. Now you can actually scale an NFT brand to millions of people, right? Without diluting anybody because they can all jump in at these different access points. And the beautiful thing about tokens is, you know, even if you have a fixed number, you could divide them, you know, to the ninth decimal place. Right. So eventually you can get to an entity's worth like five tokens. Right. So you can have a board eight brand with millions of participants, which the typical counter argument goes, well, aren't these supposed to be exclusive clubs, yada, yada, yada. Well, what we've seen is, truthfully, if you're looking at market cap as a measure of success, it's the meme coins that are crushing it because they can get to these hundreds of thousands of holders. And if you look at brands like Ferrari or Gucci or whatever luxury brand you want to pick, it's not like they're producing cars or purses or watches, you know? the the brand and the number of people inside the brand grows and that's valuable for the entire community so anyways that's how we're saving nfts no it's big it's big um so 404 right i've heard i've heard people talk about like metaplex a lot and i i met the guys the team out in singapore um So when people say, like, we worked with Metaplex to create 404, what did you do with Metaplex? So did you guys, like... We have a contractual agreement together and that we worked on the smart contract with Metaplex. We currently still have update authority along with Metaplex. And we're currently working on version two with Metaplex. So we are working hand in hand to create this protocol. Not only that, but obviously we're working to get creators started, right? And so we're working hand in hand that way. We generally... Netflix Studio, right? They have like this little offshoot of their website. It's like... metaplex studio metaplus crater or whatever is that i i don't i don't think it's it's not necessarily like um so i guess for context you know going back to when we created the protocol like seven months ago right it was we we dubbed it spl 404 right and there was a lot of inspiration taken from how erc kind of implemented their model i'm sorry that the builders on ethereum kind of built out the 404 implementation on EVM, right? So we took a lot of that as inspiration, created SPL 404, which is kind of funny and ironic because it was never actually in the Solana program library, but saw enough traction to where there's a lot of interest in what we created. So from that interest, we essentially just kind of pushed as hard as we could, started discussions with Metaplex, And that eventually led to creating that smart content. Yeah, exactly. That they, they brought into the, the Metaplex program library. So the great thing about that is to this day, like in terms of traction, even though, you know, we, we took 404 from another ecosystem that was coined that term there, we've seen the most traction here on Solana in terms of the protocol advancement and progression. Like you go look on Ethereum, there's like four different ERC or 404 implementations, which are still not an officially recognized standard there. Same goes on any other chain. And in terms of where it's at right now, It's actually in a program library by an infrastructure provider that I think they've, you know, on I think it's Metaplex's standards, they have over like 3 million NFTs that have been minted on their standards. Oh, yeah, that big boys. Yeah. So it's like in terms of the partnership with them, it essentially allows us to bring this protocol to more creators. And to Weedle's point in terms of how he what he was talking about of enabling creators, there's also now grant programs that exist for any creators and builders that want to build on top of that. of MPL 404. Nice. So, uh, So who is leading that grant program? Is that Mutant Labs or Metaplex? Actually, it's Dean's List. It's the Metaplex DAO grant program as administered by Dean's List, which I think is fantastic. They're a fantastic organization. And just to say the grant program, there's a fact six figures in grants, right? So if you're a creator with interesting ideas and interesting ways to use MPL 404 or Metaplex Core, you're There's definitely some support there. And I know that there's been interest from other avenues supporting these startup creators as well. And so if our previous guests wanted to make Raddy's a 404, it might be a couple of months in there for her. I love that. Adding on to what Weedle said, whenever we went into this partnership with Metaplex, one of the biggest things that Weedle fought for was the grant program. We not only wanted to make this protocol more accessible for everybody, but we wanted proliferation in a way that was conducive to builders that had ideas. I have an idea I want to execute on this. I just need resources. Right. And this was kind of the front and center of what Weedle was was fighting for whenever we went into this contractual agreement. And I think, like you mentioned, you know, in terms of like the resources that are available, it's not some small figure. Right. These are really big resources, whether it be the USDC or the NPLX tokens that exist to kind of enable builders to do what they can do is build. Right. And as we see, you know, we see that. The old NFT model just as itself, like we see it broken and going back to something that we don't mention earlier is like as founders, as NFT founders, we really wanted to create something that we saw that could add value, another tool in a builder's tool belt to actually enable them to do what we can to save NFTs. Right. And that's really what we see. 404s as a protocol that can save NFTs, right? And we think at least in my, you asked me, it's my own perspective, but I think the old NFT model is pretty archaic in terms of what it offers to founders and builders and bringing this protocol on and putting it behind your NFT project just brings on so many more possibilities that weren't there before. um how far can you push this then right like if you if you think the old model is a little bit archaic like how far can this be pushed like what what could be created uh really like like open our eyes to the fact that like if you're someone who's a purist and you're like well i'm just happy with minting 10 10k collections and get an immutable nft it's fine it can't be changed Yeah, like, tell me how far this could push and, like, how it could change the game completely and, like, bring NFTs back to life. Like, what hasn't been done but could be done, right? Because we've seen what DGO's done. I don't even think that was 404 properly. We've seen what Pox is doing. Yeah, so, like, that was pretty cool. But it's... But to me, it's like, okay, there's liquidity, there's a token. You can somewhat just take your NFT, dump it into the liquidity pool and pull out those tokens. It's like an instant sale. Then you can swap that on a deck somewhere. To me, that's like, It's like cutting down the steps from sale, like from holding to selling, right? Because it's making things less friction. But it's like, for me, that's not like a game changer per se. Because like you said, Tenzer was trying to tackle that point. Maginot... Magic Helium was trying to tackle that point with instant selling. Someone puts in a bid, you just take the bid, you take your soul, you fuck off. And all those things have really negative effects on NFTs. It's probably the reason why we saw the demise of NFTs. Absolutely kicked everything. And so What can this do? That's an absolute game changer that we're not seeing that will make us think, okay, this is going to bring NFTs back. Give me something like that. First, I'll challenge the NFT purists. It's like, I don't think you're an NFT purist. I think you're just anchored to this V1 of technology, right? Technology changes and grows and you experience this amazing euphoria as I did too for this V1 of this technology. And like, you know, we're working on V2, right? But I'll give you two instances, right? So one, I'll go back to the scalability argument, right? So we have Pudgy's Penguins, we have Bordet Fiat Club, we have Cleanest Source, we have all these projects claiming that they want to be this global brand, right? Mm-hmm. Right now, I do not see how they effectively scale in the digital world under the old model. Right. As I was saying before. Right. So you see Bored Ape Yacht Club. They've got new names. They've got the dogs. Now they're buying the owls. Right. Or they bought the owls. Right. How are they scaling their digital community with NFTs? But I mean, frankly, they can't. And now they also have a problem, right? They have all these collections and they also have ApeCoin. And I'll tell you from a founder's point of view, it's a real pain in the ass if everything is separated and you have to start managing all these separate projects, right? Because they're not unified. With MPL 404, you can have a unified ecosystem. Everything is tied to one another, right? Because they're tied to a fixed amount of tokens. And so if they do something that makes you bullish on the token, the NFT prices should go up as well. If they do something that makes people bullish on the top end of BoardApe Yacht Club, we'll actually pull up the bottom end as well. Right. It makes a unified ecosystem where there's a disparate ecosystem now. And it makes it possible to scale where you can't scale right now. So I would say the first big IP brand to take on this, right, or people who are actually trying to build for years and decades out, I think that'll be a game changer. The second is we haven't seen it implemented in a game, you know, effectively yet. And I'll tell you my dream scenario. So I'm a nerd and I play Magic the Gatherer. Oh, you play magic? Yeah, you can actually see right here. All these are magic cards. There's a total shelf right here. There's thousands of magic cards. So I'm an OG collector before NFTs, right? If you play Magic the Gathering Arena right now, you open up a pack, you get some cards you don't want, right? And then you can turn them into dust, essentially. You turn them into tokens, right? To gems. And then you can use those gems to buy more packs, right? And so it's a secular ecosystem, right? It's the perfect use case for a 404, right? Or you've played games where maybe you got some gun and now you need to disassemble it to parts because it's trash. But then eventually you can use those parts to upgrade a different gun, right? And so inside of a game ecosystem or a game loop like this would be perfect, right? And we have yet to see that nailed. okay so let me let me okay so say i'm playing call of duty one of the best uh shooter games out there right coming out yeah so tell me uh everyone understands how call of duty works right how would 404 take call of duty to the next level let's say we're playing call of duty now i've unlocked a specific skin, right? In NFT terms, that just means I get, there's a limited amount of these skins, the normal, the old school way. There's going to be a limited amount. That's what creates the scarcity. That's what makes that skin exciting. And then I'm able to sell it to someone because of supply and demand, right? How does it work? You know, the same would go for the guns, same would go for everything. That's probably just how it would work. There'll be a limited supply and only certain amount of people could have it. So how does 404 improve that situation? How does it take it to the next level? I know you gave the example of like you could have a weapon and then you could break that down into parts and use those parts on different weapons, right? So what else other than that? Well, A, you could get liquidity for the skins, right? B, let's say it's a common skin, right? In almost every game, you have the idea that you're going to have common, uncommon, rare, etc., right? Yeah. So let's say you got a bunch of these common skins. You could turn them into points or whatever. And now you can use all those points from the 100 common skins you just broke down to buy one rare skin. Right. And what happens to the supply of all those common skins? Like when you've turned them into dust, have they disappeared or do they still exist within the blockchain or the protocol? So the way typically is they would disappear, but it would depend, right? Now this is just a set of tools, right? And like these are options and choices those communities and projects can make. So you could burn them if you wanted to. You could just get rid of them, replace them with tokens. Anyone who asked for a token, that's it. That common skin or that common item would just go missing. They would get there. But the tokens would always remain to a specific supplier. Correct. Okay, cool. - But that's also dynamic, right? Because the great thing about the protocol is there's a lot of flexibility for how you want your ecosystem to work. Similar to how we do with Mewdmon is anytime anyone swaps from token to NFT, there's like a 2% tax. We take half of that, burn that supply, and then the rest goes to our treasury. So not only is our collection, you know, it's deflationary over time as more people do swaps, as more people try to attain those rares. That means our ecosystem has value that's driving us. So there's a lot of different flexibility in terms of what you can do. And I think back to your earlier point is like, you mentioned two different avenues of sell pressure. You have the token sell pressure, the NFT sell pressure. And I think it's kind of important to say out loud, this protocol was never meant to be a bandaid for the problems that exist with NFTs. It still comes down to creators, builders, project founders to actually create something interesting. There needs to be some sort of value proposition behind the project and a reason to exist. It's not like you can just launch a 404 and then that solves all the issues. Again, going back to what I mentioned earlier, this is just another tool in a founder's tool set. Whether you're building a house, this now allows you to build a house more efficiently as well as build some nice features on it. But it all comes down to use cases. I'm of the opinion that NFT projects kind of need a reason to exist. And this might be not a popular opinion, but I don't think that communities are a product. I think as an NFT project, you should have some business or use cases. And I'm glad that Weedle mentioned gaming because when you really look at gaming and similar to how you brought up Call of Duty, I mean, Call of Duty has loot boxes, right? This protocol in itself is essentially just like Weedle mentioned, it's a gachapon system. It's a loot box system, right? And inherently as NFT projects, if you can have this right out of the gate, you're already enabled way more than you are just launching on the old standard, right? And it comes down to, and I'm glad you guys also brought up POX in terms of like the game theory. What are you going to do to kind of really incentivize your community to want to swap and want to go back and forth between tokens, right? It comes down to creators kind of creativity to actually create these incentive mechanisms that really kind of push the community to want to swap and partake in the system. Now, you guys came locked and loaded, boys. Anyways. I mean, it's literally been our number one thing we've focused on since February, right? How many times have you answered these questions, to be real? Like hundreds. You know what I mean? And to Grimby's point, it's not like we think this solves a ton of problems in the NFT space, but this doesn't solve every problem, right? And it's like his point of building a house, right? It's like going from a screwdriver to an electric drill, right? It's going to help, but you still need to build a house. You know, like it's a much better tooling, but you got to build something. Yeah. So... Talk to me about really quickly, and then I just want to bring up the Metaplex Dow Grant thing after this. But when users swap, and I guess this is composable as well, but when users swap from NFT to token, is that instant liquidity? Is it a P2P swap? Is there TVL involved? Where did those tokens come from? That's a great question. The tokens are in a smart contract controlled vault, right? So for any NFTs or tokens that go in and out, they all go in the vault. And every NFT that's outstanding has tokens to represent them in the vault and vice versa. Every token outside has NFTs inside the vault. Yeah, fixed allocation, right? Correct. Now, I mean, we do fixed allocation for our project and almost every project. Theoretically, again, this is a sandbox. You could do something more interesting there where there is dynamic. The idea when we had it, right, the way we've implemented it so far is fixed. Yeah, right. Because I think that's like the most simple, clear idea in a fit. You know what you're getting. But there is arguments to say like as supply chain, As rarity, as hype, all these things can go to gamifying the allocation per NFT. Anyways, I could, yeah. If you want scalability, you'd, you know, if it's a fixed allocation, you're kind of, you're locking yourself to a certain amount then, aren't you? Because if you could only have 10K, let's say there's 10K tokens, right? Coins. And there's 1K NFTs, that's 10 per NFT. That's not going to change anything. unless it's dynamic and then now you can have 10k NFTs rather than and have one per token can you fractionalize can it go let me let me um A, let me fix something I said a second ago, which I said it's fixed. Actually, in a lot of the collections we launch, it's actually deflationary. So it's like net better. We can talk more about that. But to your point, no, right? So let's say you had 1K NFTs and there were 10 tokens each, right? But now you can launch a collection backed by those same amount of NFTs, put them in the vault, but they're worth five tokens instead of 10. right and now you've effectively said that there could be up to twice as many entities now you could go down and say okay now there's another collection at two tokens right so you've got three different collections at three different price points but because at the lowest price point you could have five k nfts now you've grown your community substantially but you haven't diluted anybody because the amount of tokens hasn't changed right yeah it's like circulating supply and total supply in it I'm confused. I'm confused. Let me hear that again. So what you're saying is if you made a second collection, you would go from being worth 10 tokens, 5 each, right? What I'm saying is if you made a second collection, you could peg it to a different token amount. So the original collection will always be 10 tokens, right? Just like, you know, let's give another example in the real world. 4-8, right? But you create more tokens then. No. No. Let's say Bored Ape, right? Let's say you have a million tokens and you have... Every Bored Ape is worth... What is that? Like a thousand tokens, right? Yeah. Follow me so far? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Now you can say, well, we have this new collection inside the vault that's called Mutant Ape. Yep. And they're worth a hundred tokens, right? So now people, if they wanted to, could buy a hundred tokens... and swap into Mutant Ape, right? So now there'd be 10 times more potential NFTs. But because the amount of tokens that's backing everything didn't change, you haven't delusion anybody. I get what you're saying. I get what you're saying. A good way to like make this like a parallel is like, say I have a cup of water, right? The cup, the amount of volume that's in the water is never seen. That's a low blow, man. Come on. We use the water to make like smaller ice cubes, right? Like, that water is never going to change but i can use that amount of water to make like big ice cubes or small ice cubes right the big ice cubes of course in this kind of scenario be like the board apes right and then the smaller ice cubes would be the dogs right but inherently that amount of water never changes it's only now you have more people that are going to want the dogs right so a lot more people potentially want smaller ice cubes now but the the amount of water is the same right so now you have more people fighting for that amount of water and you can still So that never changes. Now you only have the dynamic aspect, whether it's like, do you want big ice cubes or small ice cubes? Yeah, I've understood it now. So it's basically what's going to happen is the price of the token is going to go up because more and more people want the tokens. You know, it wouldn't be a good protocol if it didn't support, you know, the price go up. yeah so yeah NFA but that's the way that's the way it works because now you've got more nfts pegged to these tokens uh the tokens still have the same amount you've got more demand for the tokens now because it's like okay I want that nft I need that token I need to buy from that pool I need to swap it over and so it's like that that pressure is all absorbed by price and makes the price go up basically. The whole reason this protocol exists is because we thought about, okay, tokens and NFTs, they're technically very, very, very similar. - Yeah. - Right? Like, extremely, extremely similar. But they have, you know, very different outcomes, right? Again, Bonk has 800,000, more than 800,000 holders, right? The best 10K collection probably has like 8,000 holders. So now we've got 100X more holders, right? And then Bonk has a market cap that's like 50 to 100x the top NFT collection, right? But what Bonk doesn't have generally is the same vibes as NFTs, right? Like, I think you guys were talking about NFTs earlier. Or like... you know the vibes are different then i've seen a lot of polls recently that were like okay like are you having more fun with coins did you have more fun with nfts and they were like well the nft is right because at least if i get rugged i got cool art you know and then you have this like idea that you could get lucky and mint it rare and you know then you have the idea that oh this one is me right like i want this one to represent who i am so there's all these aspects to nfts that are great that people won't have So like even though that Bonk has 100x more holders, they don't have 100x more people getting tattoos, right? Like if you want to like see like what's the most extreme example of like community commitment? It's people tattooing on their body, right? And so there's not 100x more Bonk tattoos than there are D-God's tattoos or Mad Lad's tattoos or, you know, pick whatever top NFT collection. Yeah. So yeah, I hear you. I hear you. I hear you. There's a lot of hybrid NFT standards that are like popping up now and I just want to know which one is the best. But anyways, let's talk about Kaminni a little bit. NPL 4.4, you can't ask a question and pop off like that. It's NPL 4.4. It's getting audited. In fact, it's put out by the Solana infrastructure provider that's provided infrastructure for 99.9% of all NFTs and tokens. you know, I don't know what more there is to say. It's NPL 404. I like this guy. I like this guy. So, so I understand, I finally understood how it works. Right. And I get that. I get it in the positive sense, but now let me give it to you in the negative sense. Right. Let's, let's say the, the same scenario that you gave me, um, there's the two collections. We have the apes and the dogs. Now, let's say everyone's rushing to sell because there's this massive FUD for some reason, right? Well, we've got 10 per token for every board ape, and then we've got five per token for every dog. But actually... There's only a certain amount of tokens, right? But the NFTs kind of outweigh the tokens. So can it get to a point... Why would NFTs outweigh the tokens? No, no, because it's from a total supply. Well, hear me out, hear me out, hear me out, hear me out, hear me out. There's 1,000 Bored Apes, right? That are all worth 10 tokens each. That's 10,000 tokens. But we've already added... a thousand dogs that are worth 5,000 tokens. There's not 15,000 tokens in this pool. There's only 10,000. The thing that you're not fully grasping is most of those NFTs are going to be in the vault, right? So an NFT can only exist outside the vault if there's tokens inside the vault to back it. Oh, okay, that's fine. That's fine. So they're like allocations. There's always a balance. There's always a balance. If you do it right. Now, I will say, I'm going to throw some shade right now. There are some people who've launched some other hybrids, yada, yada, maybe L4, that totally broke this balance and their whole swap mechanism broke. I mean, that's crazy. But, But if you do it right, that doesn't happen and there's always a balance. Okay, so then the total supply in that scenario would have had to be in 15K because there would be a balance, right? Or the NFTs couldn't have been 2,000. It would have been maybe... Well, those couldn't have been circulating, right? You can imagine they're burned, right? Yeah. Instead of putting the NFTs in a vault, you can imagine they're just burned, right? But for any NFT to exist outside the vault, there has to be tokens representing it inside the vault, period. Yeah, okay. yeah so yeah it just can't happen other otherwise um there's something coming right like how much water is in the cup that that that amount is never going to change it's you can only take out however many ice cubes you can get with that water right trying to try to over allocate there's just no water to make any more ice cubes so it's like it'll never break And with burn mechanisms of even less, but it's a good point. Uh, and it's good that this is implemented into 404s because just imagine the shit storm on the feed. If that actually happened, I can't sell my tokens. My friend did. I got rah, rah, rah. It would be chaos. Um, but, uh, last week or the week before we talked to, uh, a project who also are running, um, grant, uh, initiatives, like 100 racks in this grant interested. So I just want to quickly highlight the Metaplex grant system. So for those that are watching, they can just get that up. So if you get it up and then we can continue yapping about the 404 stuff. So what are people going to be submitting to grant applications? Just anything that goes using the standard? So long as they use, there's two technologies here, right? There's Metaplex Core, which is the best NFT standard, right? And there's the MPL 404, which is the hybrid standard, right? So if you utilize these two technologies in an interesting way or innovative way, I think they're incentivized to help give you a grant to do that. And we're working on seeing if we can get even more grant money. Because I think, you know, as I said before, this is a sandbox, right? This is kind of a blank canvas. And there really hasn't been that much experimentation. I think a lot of it's because a lot of the devs in this space are, you know, focused on meme coins. Like a lot of people in the space are focused on meme coins because that's where all the liquidity is. But I think that there's a lot of room for interesting projects and innovation to pop up. Yeah, that being said, you know, to your question, Wake, you know, the great thing about these grants is it's kind of, it's presented in a way of like, you know, you have a great idea, you see how this protocol can work, you've obviously thought about this a few ways and some of the projects right now we're talking to, some of them are meeting labs clients, you know, to be transparent, but we have a lot of different builders building games, like building games on top of the protocol, right? Building DeFi apps on top of the protocol, building launch pads on the protocol, right? And that's really just what we're seeing now. But I think if you look at how protocols proliferate and how adoption happens is typically you need some interesting use cases built on top of the protocol. call. Right. And that's really what starts getting other builders to think like, how can I improve this? How can I build on this? And I think as with any new tech, you're just going to need to see progression over time for new ideas to come out. And that's really what's going to spur more iteration and kind of advancement, especially when it comes to the gaming sector. Right. We've had a few 404 launches on as games, but we haven't had anyone that's actually had time to build on top of the protocol over time. And that's really what it takes, you know, from the ground up when you're building on the game to actually every it's built into every facet of the game, right? Imagine a game where you have every, every in-game currency is an actual token and every in-game item is represented by buy an NFT, right? That's really where it starts to get interesting. But those things take time to build. And I think when you look at the Dean's List DAO, Metaplex DAO grant, that's really what this is kind of aimed at, is people who are going to build over time. And I think the most interesting thing for this application is when you go look at the actual grant app, It's actually asking you interesting questions about your five month and your six month plan. You know, what are you going to do? And that's really where the interesting stuff comes as opposed to just being like an NFT project of, oh, I'm going to build a 404. It's like, well, how are you going to use 404s to build an interesting use case not only for your community, but also for the space. Right. So, yeah, it's hard. Like we don't mention to say, you know, who's this grant for? I think at the core of this is it's for builders, right? People that have great ideas. and want to execute on those ideas. And that's what these resources are for, to kind of give you that push to be like, if you have a great idea, let's see you hit the ground running, right? How many times in Web3 have we seen just money easily available for people that want to execute, right? There's a lot of great ideas out there, but a lot of teams don't have the grit. And I think that's what this grant is for, for teams that have the grit, want to go forward and push out some of these ideas. I'm glad you said that. the grip. Education is so important. We really appreciate you guys having us on, right? Because I think, you know, people have a lot of misconceptions about what this is, what it does, how you're limited or pigeonholed or like what's optional, what's not optional, right? And, you know, unfortunately, people in this space don't really take the time to get educated on this new tech. And so, That's what the grant's for, is to help educate people in big ways and small ways. We not only need new games being put out, so we have a project, Fnora, we're working with. They're building a game with MPL 4.4 at the core. They actually have a playable demo at finora.world. But for people to do smaller scale projects, I don't know if you guys remember the Bonk PFPs that came out, right? Yeah, they had missing arms and shit, do you remember? Yeah. And extra arms and tails and stuff. Any artist who wants to do art for a token can launch their own 404 without needing to be in charge of the tokens themselves right so for example if somebody in the juke community wanted to make some sort of juke pfps and make it a 404 you could do that right and so sounds like a minefield to me bro and that's one of the things that is like sketch about 404s it's like even though it's obviously like what nfts should adopt if they want to capture liquidity from meme coins but it's like a lot of nft founders at least a larger ones are like very conscious about ip rules laws blah blah blah and like incorporating a token into an already like very gray area industry it must be like spooky so i think that might be one of the reasons why we haven't seen like 404s or uh hybrid entities being implemented into like let's say pudgy penguins come out here tomorrow and they've like made a hybrid penguin they're gonna get sued brad by the sec you know i can speak to that i i will speak to um you know one of our first clients um actually the first spl 404 meme coin just had a crazy resurgence apple i don't know if you guys have heard of them or seen them around yeah i remember apple was the first token 404 there are great They're at an $8 billion market cap right now. They just kind of like sprung back to life. So it's not like that there's no meme coin 404 projects that are doing well, right? Obviously, you know, POCs and POCs, a lot of stuff coming up, but there will be more over time. And obviously, I'm not saying don't do it with, you know, without sort of the blossoming of the community necessarily. But I'm just saying you could make an NFT project utilizing a different coin, right? Yeah. For example, the people who did the Bonk PFPs, you know, they weren't associated with Bonk, but Bonk was like, sure, why not? And I think one of the big things to also mention, right, and obviously this is not legal advice and I'm not kind of pushing anyone in either direction, but, you know, we've seen DGODS, who is a registered entity here in the United States. You know, they've obviously gone through all the proper measures to adopt this hybrid model, right? And I think, you know, what that says to me is this, if as an NFT project, if this is something you're interested, there's definitely the proper channels to go through, right? And just yesterday we announced Killer Bears to also, we're working with them as well to do a 404 project, right? Now, I think if you look at them, they're obviously very well established. They have all their ducks in order. started on Ethereum and they've explored, you know, cross-chain stuff. And now they're coming to Solana, which is interesting because again, when you look at where 404s were coined, that was on Ethereum. And now they're coming to Solana to use NPL 404. And I think that's quite interesting. And, um, I think it speaks to as a founder and as a creator, if you want to make something like this interesting work for your community, then, you know, there's the right channels to do it. Right. And DGOTS kind of proves that. Killer Bears proves that. And I think over time, we'll see more of these big projects adopt NPL 404. We've had very interesting conversations with some top Solana projects. So, you know, our doors are always open and we're always open for a conversation, I will say. So what happened with ABL though? I just brought it up on a pro chart. Why did it go 20x? What happened? What did they announce? because it was dead for ages if i'm going to be honest i don't know but i'll tell you why we worked with apple right so apple was the first uh mean coin four we ever did the reason we worked with avil is because these guys vested their own tokens the team for like two years or something something crazy it was like way longer long-term commitment than you get from most beam coins right most coins the dev is in and out in 15 minutes right but the fact that these guys bested their tokens was like okay they're serious right and when we talked to them they were like no no we're serious about this like we're gonna do this long term we're gonna try to build a brand and uh they launched at a time when that was more in vogue right people were actually yeah but like come on man there's gotta be come on bro you know you know why they went 20x like what what is it If I knew I would have made a 20x. So you've worked with these guys and you don't know what news it was that pumped them to 20x. I personally don't. Maybe Groovy does. But all I know is that they're out there hustling. Right. And before they were 20x, they were still hustling. Right. Like there's a lot of meme coin charts out there or meme coins out there where the people are still actually hustling. behind the brand. So you don't necessarily hear about them, but they're hustling. No, fair play to them, man. If they're doing numbers, they're doing numbers. Fair play to them. It's hard to imagine... That's why I laugh. It's hard to imagine them as a brand because every time you use the word brand, I'm like... It just makes me laugh because, you know, their memes are funny. Like, I actually see them on the feed and stuff. And, you know, Apple stuff. It's funny. It's funny. Look, in the realm of Rotardio, right? Like, this is exactly what people are going for, right? This is upside down world Apple. Facts. Yeah, facts, facts. So we've been yapping, like, very seriously, Juicers, for a long time. Like, I want to, like, now know some random weird shit about both of you. Give me like, have you got any like crazy fucking stories that you can tell the juicers on this Tuesday? Anything that's happened and you're like, yo, people were, they're going to like hearing this shit. oh yeah yeah yeah so this is kind of random uh you know back back when like it was just a for me one of the big partnerships we had uh was with solana spaces so we were showcasing a lot of our product they were selling our product there as well and um came across this pretty interesting opportunity to do like a cross collab with ftx and like was like oh this is gonna be great It's going to bring so many new eyes to us and ended up doing this cross promotion where back on the topic of dynamic NFTs, we had our holders send their assets to the FTX exchange. And for that, you'll get this special trade. So went through, planned this for months, was also planning these actual physical tangible items, these hoodies and shirts that we're going to sell at Salon Spaces. So plan this all out, put a lot of work into this and like had a lot of our community move their assets over to FTX and like a day later... No. The FTX news broke out and it was like... wow, shit, this sucks. Like, and I remember like, this is when they were, they were also partnered with Solana spaces, had like their whole thing at like the, the, the Miami location. And I remember the day after like the whole FTX news breaking out, I like ping them. And this was very out of touch on my end, but I was like, Hey, are we still doing this collab? Yeah. I put so much work into it, like from the creative, like cross promotional, like content and like working out the content calendar and everything. And like, I got a response back like 48 hours and they're like, yeah, I don't think this is a good time for us. Maybe we put this on hold. And yeah, the day after we announced, it was like, then it, you know, got all the flag from my community. It was like, we're getting our assets back. Right. Like everything's going to be okay. And it was like, I hope so. I don't know. Right. Yeah. I'm glad I asked an FTX story on Jupe and Juice direct from the horse's mouth, bruh. So your community actually shipped their assets over to FTX. Yeah, because that was part of the agreement. They wanted to see more volume on their NFT marketplace. You move your asset onto their marketplace, which you don't own your asset right now that they have escrow of it. Oh, so it was FTX NFT? No, no, but it was essentially you put it on their wallet, which you didn't have the private key to. It was all on your FTX account. So yeah, it was a terrible experience. Cool. but i mean i think that was like pretty soon after breakpoint too like it was or before it was the timing was it was terrible and yeah my community was upset and now we have like these these ftx traits that are just like memories of this this terrible cataclysmic event that happened on solana but you know from that cataclysmic event like solana rose from the ashes right and we we've seen how strong the community is now and i think there's a good sign for that what's what's your saying for that sex when pressure either... Yeah, pressure bursts pipes or pressure makes diamonds. And so I suppose what Wake's trying to say is that the Solana community is full of diamonds. We're diamonds, baby. They stood the time. They stood the test of time and the pressure that it... It had. I remember the FTX stuff. It was after Breakpoint. Sorry. Yeah, yeah. Breakpoint happened. They started calling it the Breakpoint curse because every time Breakpoint happens, something bad happened. I think 2021, that was like the top of the cycle and things started dipping beyond Breakpoint. And then 2022 was the FTX crash. Yeah. But 2023, things turned around, right? And so, but I also remember all the hype and all the fight around Just Ape as well. Like, do you remember a guy called Nate Rivers? Yeah. Oh, yeah. I do want to say, you know, to be transparent, like the FUD, it was right. Like my other co-founder that that was where the FUD came from was because of my co-founder and, you know, post Mint, he disappeared. So it was like that was my co-founder and it moved to me just being the single founder and solo founder. um i guess it's kind of like the mom left us and uh you know it was just like the dad has to take care of the kids um but yeah i i definitely remember nate rivers um interesting guy but he kept buying just apes as well which was quite quite uh amusing to me because i think that that was the most interesting thing is there was people that were buying into the community just to fuck us like and it was like at that point it was like you know if that's if that's what gets you off like you know it's it's you know what it is it's like Even in Web3, we live in this very weird world where it's like everyone is so starved for enjoyment that they will hop on the train of any news. It could be good or bad. So I think he was looking for that bad PR pump that we've seen happen with so many collections. What's an example of a collection that pumped up the bad news? You could say de-gods in a way. They rose out of nowhere. The thing is, I wouldn't call it bad news, but they just knew how to create news out of nothing, like de-gods for me. They would just make something sound exciting, even though it was just the most mundane thing. Like a raffle. Yeah. Yeah, we're getting raffles or we're getting our own LinkedIn style profiles. Do you remember when they got excited about having a ring around their PFP? There was a thing that... It was a star, sorry. It was a star. They were changing their thing. Whatever it was, yeah. Yeah, a star. And it was like... you know, absolute genius move, but it never even caught on. It never even ended up happening, but they always turn up to make something very boring, sound amazing. And, but that's, that's it, man. That's when you back your community, you back your community. And it's so fair play. Like they, they always backed their community and whatever their community was up to, even though like everyone outside of it kind of didn't think it was, you know, you know, anything special. But there was times where they really did cook as well, right? With all the useless stuff and everything. Yeah, the useless was... Yeah. Yeah. Crazy. I mean, when we talk NFTs, we have to mention D gods, you know? Yeah. I mean, I think, you know, the positive here, and this is something that makes me excited for like hybrids as well. 404 is as well. It's like typically like love them or hate them there. They've always been like ahead of the curve, right? Like by months, like whether it be by like quarters, whatever you want to call it, whatever time sections you want to, you want to put out there. And I think that's what speaks to me about NPL 404 and seeing, you know, a project like D gods adopt the hybrid model. Is it, speaks to like where the space is going, right? Like love them or hate them. They're trying something new that they see value in, not only for themselves as the project founders, but also for their community, right? And I think that's really what 404s are about. It's bringing more value, not only to the project creators, bringing more flexibility to project creators, but also bringing... Well, and I think that that kind of really speaks to, again, you know, where we're going to be going as founders and creators for NFT projects. If you can bring more value and flexibility to your community and also kind of get more market share from the DGUNs that are interested in like meme coins, that's a net win for everybody. I will say, though, DGUNs implemented their imputation pretty bad. Anyways, shots fired. I have a bad meme. Wait, wait, wait. Say that again. uh yeah they just did it badly anyways um i have a bad beats d god story i bought a d god like an hour after they posted that they were going to create dust right dust was like this new thing right it's like three and a half soul it ran up i ran up right up to like 11 soul and i sold it to try to get a hot head and then i got blown out of the water because those auctions started at like 60 soul um and then I just watched it go up to like 400 or whatever and I and I thought I was a genius buying at 3.5 selling at 11 right and so now I can't buy a d-gun because I'm just like it's just one of those things right when you make an L you it's hard to like go back you know oh it's one of those things man it's one of those things it's it's like It always seems to happen. The one you sell runs. You always see the memes, innit? When I sell, the chart goes... When I buy, the chart goes... It's literally... All of us, if you're in this space, everyone has a story like that. But to be fair... If you made money, you made money, right? And that's the main thing. You know what I mean? To actually take your three and a half soul and make it 11 soul is a W, no matter what. Obviously, continuing to see where they went. Yeah, of course. yeah they hit silly numbers but i always think to myself i probably would have sold before they hit those silly numbers anyway you know what i mean like i would have just probably would have gone to 40 and i ended up selling so i wouldn't have saw the 400 so um but then i've also round-tripped big things like that well you know i got my okay beer day day one and i round-tripped it past 275 so we're back down to to you know the the low prices so it's just one of those things man you you can't get it right even if you do hold you can't get it right even if you don't so it is what it is but I feel the like I feel the sentiment of like not wanting to go back it's like you know I I fumbled the bag and now if I go back what if I fumble it again bro like it's not even guaranteed that it's I'm gonna do it right this time what if I play it again yeah I also have a weird story. You guys have weird stories, but just to tie it back to the previous speaker. And so I got into Solana via a program called BuildSpace, right? And they were doing Solana courses. Well, I became like, Kind of a big deal in the build space community in 2021 because I launched NFT collection and it made like six figures, right? So people were like, holy shit, how'd you do that? Yada, yada, yada. Well, in early 2022, they actually invited me to do a like a like a zoom call in to a Nigerian audience. So I was like, sure, whatever. I didn't know what's going on. And so they zoom me in and then it's just, they're like, okay, so now talk to this whole room. And so I could see this whole room. There's like hundreds of like Nigerian developers and I got to tell them about developing on Solana, like what I know. But I was not prepared at all. So they were just like, tell your story. And so I was just rambling and I went about 10 minutes of my 30 and then I was like, well, I'm done. And then it was like just Q&A. And it was like so cool to see that there was this like huge community just like exploring crypto and Solana specifically in Nigeria. But I thought it was an interesting story because, you know, our first speaker. First guest, Juju. Yeah, no, no doubt. And thanks for your stories, boys. We love these. Like we like to get... That shit that you don't hear anywhere else, you know, like there's so many, uh, spaces and threads. Like we want to hear like the weird stuff that people don't hear stuff. That's unique to you guys. We want to hear the juice. We want to hear the juice squeezed vibes. Yeah. And that sort of, uh, takes me to, to our, uh, well before, before the last question, we would call it the last question, the most important question of the show. Uh, and, uh, We didn't even ask Juju. I've just realized we didn't even ask Juju. But you boys are here, we're going to ask you. But before we do that, is there any last words that you'd like to say before we wrap up with the most important question of the show? Yeah, I'll sum up NPL 404s, right? Very simply, NFTs and tokens, they're a way to have tokenized communities in the blockchain, right? And what NPL 404 does uniquely well is it takes the best aspects of both of them and wraps them into one system. So you can have the best of meme coins, best of NFTs, and it's as easy as that. The best of both worlds in one place, right? NFA. NFA, yeah. Sorry, I'm a goof. Groovy, any last words from you? No, I think the biggest thing I want to mention is, you know, if any of this sounds interesting to you, whether you have an existing project or you have a new idea, check out the grants program for MPL 404 builders. You know, the money is there to kind of enable you to execute, to make it easier to execute so you don't have to worry about the resources. Yeah, come build with us. Our DMs are always open if you have any questions. come build with us so guys uh you've heard it here on jupon juice the call to action go build with the guys, man. They've, you know, they're putting their money where their mouth is and they're literally, you know, sending out the invitation, come build, let's make four fours, bring NFTs back to life somewhat, you know. Juju would say they're still about, but there's definitely some revival in my opinion. But anyway, beyond that, that's it. Make NFTs great again. And so, yeah, With that, we'll ask you the last question of the show, the most important question of the show. We will ask you first and then Groovy you next. What's your favourite juice? My favourite juice? I like it that you're taking this seriously, bro. It's important, bro. Honestly, you don't get a lot of like mango stuff, but like a sick like mango lassi. Like, yeah, you got mango, you got yogurt, whatever. But like mango, like you don't see it very often. But when you do, you're always in for a good time. This man knows his juices, bro. He knows his juices. Groovy? What about you? So this is a hard question for me because I try to stay away from sugar completely and carbs completely. So I'd say in substitute of juice, maybe like a protein shake, like a double chocolate optimum nutrition protein shake. I take any day over juice. This is juice blossoming right here, man. This is almost as bad as Wake saying juice is a tea. Groovy, let me just ask you the second, let me just ask you a question. As you're not a juicer then, what would you say, you know, would you say tea is a juice? Would you agree with that or disagree with that? Oh yeah, I'd take that. Yeah, tea is definitely a juice and I'd say like, yeah. Tea is definitely not a juice. A juice comes from something. Come on, this is like an obvious answer. Yeah, That's a confirmation. The man doesn't know anything about juice. He doesn't drink juice. He's a protein shake guy. And he's the one that agrees that tea is a juice. And that's confirmed it for us. So respectfully, thank you. I love the... you led that off like yeah you know by the way because you thought that bro was going to say definitely not but no no no i was i was pretty sure that he would agree because he knows nothing about juice come on he's he doesn't drink juice he's just he's just made it very clear like my man here grew my man here groovy knows nothing about juice he's protein shaking day and night he's he's not even in you know don't even look at juice he walks past tears of juice So, Weedle, I'll ask you the question because you're someone who actually gets juice. He's going to say no. He's already said it. You heard it too. You just want him to say it again. He can tell me why though. He can tell me why. Elaborate. Tea is not a juice. If you have to add water to something to get liquid, it is not a juice. If you have to add liquid for there to be liquid, then there is no juice. Tea exists in a dry form. Juice never exists in a dry form. Okay, how would you describe Lipton iced tea, peach flavor? Is that a juice or a tea? Trash is how I'd describe it. Probably too much sugar, right? You're selling from the American South. Oh, this is beautiful. Tea is a juice. Lipton iced tea is trash. NPL 404s are the future. And this has been Jupe & Juice episode 24 with Mutant Labs and Juju Girl. Thank you so much for you guys watching. It's kind of a cozy small episode today of Jupe & Juice, but I like these, bro. Thank you for all 600 of you for locking in. And guys, actually, thank you for schooling us because, you know, I didn't get it. I kind of got it. This, that and the other. After today, I understand. You know what I mean? I actually understand. And I'm glad we could have that back and forth to get there, right? Because that's how education works. You have to ask questions. You have to think about it. You have to ask more questions. And thank you for having the patience to actually give us that education on how and how there's levels to this baby like you you just entered the matrix and like we're gonna take you deeper and deeper so next time you guys have us on we'll take you even deeper into the matrix yeah i'm down i'm down for it i'm down for it yeah and we'll definitely we'll do that in the future man we'll get you guys back yeah like you guys by then we'll be four or four connoisseurs and we can like uh speak on on the next level so no appreciate it's four or four income that's it yeah What happens in the bear market stays in the bear market. We've been jupe and juice. I mean, actually, I would like to find out about all the grants and stuff, how that went. Did any new things come out of things? You know, so it'd be interesting to like see how this movement, uh, moves forward and what comes of it you know maybe there's a game yeah maybe there's a game maybe we actually get to play the game and actually feel the experience of how 404s have like really leveled things up so it would be nice man well keep again you know i don't know if they had heard my uh pitch for one of our clients finora if you go to finora.world there's a demo of a game It's playable. It's fun. People are already earning nether shards for their whitelists, right? It's going to be built around 4.4 technology and it's playable right now. Go have fun. Let's do it. Yep. For Nora, guys. You heard it here first. Let me put that in the... Yeah, we was looking at it earlier. We was looking at their Twitter, but we didn't actually look at the game itself. Yeah, I don't want to be careful with that. But yeah, we'll check that shit out for sure. But yeah, thank you once again. And yeah, this has been Juven Juice. Thank you guys. I appreciate you. We'll see you again soon sometime. Peace out, guys. That's two hours and 25 minutes, but we kept our word. We said that we would give them the time that they needed and we needed to understand 404s. I think we got there in the end. And yeah, so any last words from you, Wake? Yeah, I actually, both of our guests today were like big, big juice, man. I like the boys. Why is he back? I'm going to bring him up. Hold on. What's up? No, I didn't know if I was supposed to leave or not. Yeah, if you could just stay in the background. We'll speak to you in a second. Anyway, we do it live, baby. juju girl uh we do and groovy nice dudes man nice dudes uh good chats we had today on a tuesday uh we're back on thursday same time um and thanks everybody for being here all 609 nice yeah appreciate you guys and thank you for locking in and uh we'll do it all again i think uh we're back on tuesday who's our guest oh sorry thursday what's uh yeah what's our guest who's our guest on thursday Our guest on Thursday is, let me just double check so I don't give wrong info. It is. And on that note. Meteora. Oh, it's a big one, bruh. It's a big one. Meteora and Leland. That's a juice. Okay. So Meteora and Leland are going to be on the show. So don't miss that one. That one's going to get interesting. Yeah, that's, that's going to be pretty cool. So thank you guys. We'll, we'll see you on Thursday. Juice out.