You know what time it is. Jup and juice time, baby. Here we go. You know it's Jupe & Juice time for the Jupiter DAO Educating cats, yeah, it's something profound We're here to tell our facts with enough to go around We got propositions discussed before we vote in the DAO Get your jupe locked in and be ready to vote There's a flood of information so make sure to board the boat Decentralization is the Jupiter dream Big players in the game and we're picking up steam Yeah, Jupe & Juice now, ay wow Look at this cat, it's a debt like meow Climbing mountains, chilling in the town hall Every single cat needs a hat, I'ma crown all Teach culture, share it like a brochure Style getting hot, looking like a damn toaster That's coast to coast with every post You ain't never seen nothing like it, never know, bro Hey, keep it juiced now, it's about to begin Talking about proposals so you're gonna know when When we go live we empower the dream Educated cats in the jib with our team All hands on deck keep the station afloat Our team is the best yeah we know we're the GOAT Celan the strongest link in the world of blockchain Empowerment to voters is the name of the game Jib and juice now Juke and Juice now. Educating cats here, something profound. Juke and Juice now. We're here to talk facts with enough to go around. Juke and Juice now. Juke and Juice now. Get your juke locked in and be ready to vote. There's a flood of information, so make sure to board the boat. Decentralization is the Jupiter dream. Big players in the game, we're picking up steam. Cats of culture and Cat S2. Don't forget the Zero Boys bags of mock juke. We're here for each other and growing the pie. Now real's the innovation, we improving the fly. Juke and juice now. Juke and juice now. Jupe and Juice now. Educating cats here is something profound. Jupe and Juice now. We're here to talk facts with enough to go around. Jupe and Juice now. Jupe and Juice now. Jupe and Juice now. You know what time it is. Juicing time, baby. Here we go. Yeah, Juke and Juice now. Hey, wow, look at this cat. It's a dead like me out my mountain children town hall every single cat needs a hat I'm a crown all teach coach share it like a brochure dog and hot looking like a damn toaster That's coast to coast with their post you ain't never seen nothing like it. Never know bro. Hey, you produce now. It's about to begin Talking about proposals so you're gonna know when When we go live we empower the dream Educated cats in the Jupiter team All hands on deck keep the station afloat Our team is the best, yeah, we know where to go Solana's strongest link in the world of blockchain Empowerment to voters is the name of the game Jib and juice now Jib and juice now educating cats here's something profound jupin juice now we're here to talk facts with enough to go around jupin juice now jupin juice now ♪♪♪ Juke and juice now. Educating cats here is something profound. Juke and juice now. We're here to talk facts with enough to go around. Juke and juice now. Juke and juice now. Juke and juice now. Stupid spook time, baby. What's going on here? Hello, mortals. What's going on here? Hello. Hello, mere mortals. What the heck is going on here? Who is this? who's on the stage right now juice and spook it seems um what's going on wait wait hold on i feel on edge irish is scared as usual wait wait there irish i'm gonna come hey what you mean by that i'll be scared this reminds me of singapore when you're on that what i didn't listen listen listen that's too fair right okay enough of the action okay okay boys boys Welcome to Jupe & Juice, and it is the 31st of October. I don't know what that means, bro. I don't know why these guys are dressed this way. I'm from the UK. We don't do this stuff. I don't understand it. But anyway, you know. I'm from the UK as well. We do this stuff. Something strange is happening today, it seems. Something strange? Welcome to So you guys are just going to wear these outfits throughout the show? Like, this is how it's going to go? Like, this is what we're dealing with? I mean, you've already got your Halloween mask on, right? I mean... I mean, in a way. But when I look at Satchel, he looks so happy, man. What's got into you today? Why do you look so happy today, man? You look really good. It's Halloween, my guy. It's Halloween. Just so people know, Satchel's in a very difficult situation right now. He's actually on his phone data. So if he's glitching out for you, that's why. But it is what it is. He's here. He's made the effort. He's looking quite amazing, to be fair. Yeah, we do it live as well. You can see Irish has got his new setup. He's looking nice and spooky as well. I don't know, pixelated. but I am in the spooky background, yeah. Yeah, so it's pretty cool. And then Wake just, yeah, no different. Same as every week. Wake's the same as every week. Yeah, who's Wake? But, I mean, on that note, welcome to Juke and Juice. And I think today's going to be an interesting one. Juke and Juice! Episode 27, we have you disgusting mortals for the next one hour and 30 minutes to discuss two environmental projects. Even though they're trying to do good for the globe, we are trying to destroy it and take over. And also the legend, Seabass, from the feed, he got noticed for dropping free base trading content so we're excited to dig into the giga brain that is sea bass and talk all things chart today on jupiter juice episode 27 or do we call this juice and spook jupiter spook juice and spook thanks to you two it's definitely juice and spook This guy's smoking and the vapes, the smoke's coming out of his eyes. That's how crazy it is. That is so sick. Watch this guy now. Watch him. Smoke comes out of his eyes. Bro, that is actually terrifying. That is actually terrifying. We got a special effect on you producing everything today. That's that's jokes. But, but anyway, yes. So, uh, as, as wait said, we have Seabass and our two environmentally friendly guests, and we're going to get into it with them. Uh, but before we do that, we're going to speak on the news. And so we'll have a little look at that before we bring Seabass on. So let's have a look at what's been going on in Onyx recently. Um, What do we have here, Wake? Show us. So Bella is a content creator that's been creating music for the boys on the feed. We're actually going to get her on Deep Induce pretty soon, but we're going to confirm with you on that. So let's just run it and see what she's cooked. ♪ P-P-P-P-P-P, we're shifting the game, player upon player ♪ from the ashes of conflict will rise up in flame building a bridge on blockchain dreams where every trade's a chance and we're all on the same team jupiter's coming player from player that's like us Okay, okay, okay. I think that's enough. I think that's enough. Yeah, that's a certified club banger. Yeah, so she's done a good job there. Do go and check out her Twitter page. You can see the app up there. It's at Bella. Thank you, brother. Yeah, thank you, Bella. Some PPP music there. She's a content creator and hopefully she'll be coming on Jupe & Juice very soon. So yeah, let's scroll up. And what else have we got there? We got to vibe to that a little bit. That was fun. But we move, we move. Oh, yes. So yes, the boys, the boys, the boys, Fabiano and Jussie. Are they going to be guests on Jupe & Juice soon, right? Do you know when they're coming on? Yeah. I don't think it's been locked in on a date just yet. Yeah, they're busy people to lock in, but they have been officially granted their grants now. And this was a nice piece of art that they had made for this post, I suppose. And they're going to be doing some stuff in the Discord, to my understanding, right? Does anyone have any info on that? Yeah, they're going to be running thread writing workshops to up your thread writing game. on twitter um yeah and they recently passed the grant i think they're going to be going through a work group before work group um so we're going to keep track on that looking forward to yet to the looking forward to yapping to the mortals uh when they come on jupon juice that'd be a vibe uh jesse and fabian have both been have both put in the legwork to support the gp verse even small accounts right so that's what i like to see i like to see small accounts get empowered by the boys yeah and hear them on how to grow your twitter threads as well like and make them better yeah i think that's the workshops that they're going to be running as well right thread type workshops um can we just go scroll down just to appreciate this artwork it's so cool man i really like this so far dude yeah man they've done such a good job whoever done that it's so sick man w there so you don't think it's they are now No, bro, that's not AI. That can't be AI. Anyway, we move, we move, we move. Because we have three guests on today, so I'm trying to keep things moving quickly. And then what do we have? We've got Corey's word search. Okay. Based on the newsletter. So I don't know if anyone's seen Corey's feed or seen Corey on their feed recently. Do check him out. He's at Boulder Pixels. Corey's been doing some cool stuff with like a Jupiter or Dow based content. Like he made a PFP tile thing with loads of characters. We have that up there. And then, yeah, so this is a word search that he's made as well that you can go and check out. Yeah. So let's have a look at that. So yeah, That's pretty cool. I can see a few known faces. Yeah, the size is a bit cut off. The differences are, they're spottable. They're definitely spottable. That is so jokes. Look at Mr. Evil. They're hilarious. I really like Dr. Bollins when you put hair on them. Yeah, Dr. Evil, bruh. Come on, man. yeah so this was a spot the difference challenge that he put out so there's an original one to this but what i've what i really like is that people have like started taking the image and adding more and more uh people from the jupyverse and like the image is now like two three x from when it first started i think it was jussie who actually started it and jussie started it then cory took it and made the spot the difference and then someone else took it and started adding more and Yeah, Will did something as well. Yeah, Will Fletcher. I think Muse has got involved. So it's like NFT Muse. So all these people from the Jupyverse just like adding to this content. It's really cool, man. It's really nice to see. And it's authentic as well. Yeah. It's like, it's not cheesy. It's authentic. People did it because they wanted to. I feel like Jussie intentionally missed people out on the image. So like people would fill the gaps. I wouldn't say he intentionally missed people out, but I think it was just like, he used probably more of the more obvious, more prominent people. And now the community are like adding even more people that are obvious to us, but maybe wasn't obvious to Jussie, I suppose. What else do we have? Do we have more stuff? Or is that it? We do. Let me just get it added in there real fast because it's supposed to be in there, but it didn't go in. Two seconds. Yeah, that's when Irish doesn't copy paste my links that I send him. That's when they don't get there. That's literally what happens. He calls that a bug. That's a bug in Irish's brain. But anyway, let's... I just added the thing you wanted, but I only added this. That's the Spanish floods. You know what? It's probably a good time to just move on. If there's floods in Spain, is that actually happening now? Yeah, devastating floods, yeah. Oh, shit. No, we can touch on that, actually. So, wow, this looks horrific, man. This is... Love and best wishes to everyone affected for the Valencia... And Spanish floods, bro. Yeah, and one of our guests is actually from close by, so I suppose we're going to speak to him about this as well. So, yeah, so, wow. Okay, yeah, so, you know, our heart goes out to everyone out there. Hope you're staying safe. Hope you're not affected too negatively and hope you have a quick and speedy recovery. Shout out to Spain. Always love Spain, man. It's actually terrifying, bro. Anyway, let's move on. Yeah. Okay. So that's the news for this week. Open up our spooky thread we just put out. Just we, you know, you know, we, uh, we ask. So when, when you get that, you can talk on this. When you get that up, uh, we can, we can touch on it, but what, what are you talking about? The PFP stuff? Yeah. Okay. So basically we, we were sitting down together this morning was like, okay, how can we engage the community on the Halloween stuff? And we decided to do something immersive and interactive with the community members, uh, And we've got actually we're getting comments through saying thanks for the PFP. He's wearing it too. He's actually wearing it. Yeah. So people sending their PFPs in and we're like Halloween firing them, spookifying them, whatever you want to call it, and then sending it back to them. Have you got the tweet ready, Irish? Yeah, it's coming now. I just need to refresh. Crypto Misto, you're looking handsome, bro. That PFP suits you, bro. It's the tail for me. It's the tail for me. Yes, so let's have a little look at some examples of what these PFPs are looking like right now. So this was the thread. If you scroll down, Irish, we can have a little look at some of the examples. Yeah, let me click into it. Yeah, maybe click into it. Yeah, so here's one for Jussie. Yeah, so this is one that we've done for Jussie. Sorry, sorry, sorry, Seabass. This is one we've done for Seabass. Dude, that is horrible, man. I hate the big mouth, dude. Let's move on to this one. This one's a bit too spooky. Yeah, Julian. This one is also very disturbing, bro. The eyes are very weird. It still looks cute, though, this one. Let's move on. Let's get some more in there. Let's get some more in there quickly. Rusty Milk. Rusty Milk. Yeah, it looks pretty much the same. We've got Satchel's OK Bear. Looks like a nice little vampire OK Bear now. This one I really liked. Yo, this one... When Kets on Crack Halloween art upgrade? Yeah. When? That'd be fucking awesome. Uh, but let's, let's not look at too many of those because we want the community to go over to that tweet and actually engage in it. So if you guys want to be Halloween fight, do jump over to X and engage in our thread that then we'll, you know, obviously while we're on Jupe and Juice is a bit difficult, we won't be as quick, but when we get back off Jupe and Juice, we'll, we'll, um, we'll get them cooking again. So thank you for everyone who sent one in and, uh, yeah, thank you for the boys for all the hard work to get them out as well. Uh, But anyway, let's get our boy Seabass on the show, man. Let's see. Without further ado, the legend, Seabass, ladies and gentlemen. The man, the myth, the legend, the mad lad, the galactic. Trader extraordinaire. The trader extraordinaire. The genius on the feed. The one who predicts what is going to happen in the future. I mean, is there more? Can we say more? Can we say more? Um... it's seaman we haven't got he's going to give us some more some more juice to work with hello sir welcome bro thank you for the tremendous welcome and like come on you guys are hyping it up too much man like come on bro thank you for the kind words it's a pleasure to be here sharing alpha with the cat that's it yeah man that's what it's about man um so thanks for coming on to jupin juice My pleasure, bro. Thank you for the invite. Can you tell the juicers, like, who is Sebas? Yes, sir. Who is Sebas, bro? Man, just a normal guy, you know? A normal guy. I played tennis all my life. I got to play tennis in, like, the United States with, like, a scholarship in tennis. And I did computer science. I did computer science for four years. Then in my last semester, bro, I don't know. These scams were rolling on YouTube with the ads. And I saw something about Bitcoin. Like, man, let's read this white paper about this thing. Read it. And basically went all in in 2017 in Bitcoin at like, I don't know, 4K or something. Sadly, but... I went into BitConnect for the OGs that might know. The absolutely fabulous scam. And man, I mean, I lost a bunch of Bitcoin on that thing. And then I left crypto for like, I don't know, one year because man, it's hard at the beginning when you put in like 3K and it turns into like 17K and you have basically no money. they're like man what color is the lambo gonna be and then you yeah you're like looking at the lambo website choosing colors and then you lose it all you're like bro but then i i don't know then i went back in and i'm like man if i'm gonna be in the game i'm gonna take it as serious as possible and as professionally as possible and there's absolutely the trade to actually make it because man i don't know you have to really take it seriously if you want to make some good returns in the game because it's very easy to make a lot of money and lose it all pretty easily. It's not really responsible. So I don't know yet. So I've been in crypto for like six years in total, I'd say. Basically, I just do trading. Yeah, bro. I just do trading and looking to get more involved in real projects. But yeah, I love the charts and love crypto. So tell me Sebas, when you say you've been in crypto, have you been trading for six years or have you been in crypto? Yeah, bro. Then, I mean, I graduated college and man, I was so crazy about crypto that I got my tennis coach involved. And the guy was the only one that got the attention. I was like, bro, you know, this guy might be onto something. Hmm. So I came over to the guy and I was like, man, let's mine Ethereum. Yeah, sorry, with the Solana community. I love Solana. But Ethereum was back then what was popping and you could mine it pretty nicely. So the guy put the money. I built the computers. We mined Ethereum for like a year and a half. And then I had to go back to Colombia. I'm from Colombia. And the guy, I'm not sure, I kept some Ethereum from that. And the guy had no idea if he sold the computers or what. But yeah, bro, basically right now I've been just doing trading. And the first time I was trying to get involved in like a project or something. So that's why I went to this breakpoint to meet some people in real life. To see how I can get involved. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Oh, yeah, bro. I met some juke legends. I don't know. Meow. But yeah. Oh no, we're rugging, baby. We've lost Seabass, but I think we'll get him back. Yeah, we'll get him back. We'll get him back when he's here, yeah. It happens, boys. Even to Seabass. Even to the best of them like Seabass, it happens. Let's bring up his Twitter account because he actually dropped some juicy charts, man. We need to show the boys. Let's have a little look at it. Let me know when it's ready. I'm just playing around with the layouts here. Okay, let's get it up then. Yeah, there it is. So he's chai. So make sure to go check out crypto underscore CBAS for your chai needs. We're going to talk to him about that once he's returned from the Netherrealm. Yeah. Did he say he was in Colombia, right? He went back to Colombia, yeah, but he didn't finish the story, so I'm not sure where he's at right now. Where he was in the story was that he had returned to Colombia. I don't know if he's still in Colombia, but it could be the case. I mean, technically, he's on the moon. That's always possible. Geographically speaking. he could be on the moon as well. Uh, but yeah, this is his ex and he's, he's always given the alpha. He's always like, um, engaging with people and explaining, you know, what, what his predictions are on the markets. And it's someone, you know, he's, he's, he's, he's good at, I suppose he's someone who's, uh, willing to put it out there i you know personally i have a lot of takes wake has his takes i wouldn't put mine on the feed i don't have the confidence enough to go and put my takes on the feed in terms of i know you mean market predictions but he's someone who's willing to do it so uh you know that's his that's his thing that's literally what's made him known and come to most people's attention and maybe a good possible copy trader for monkey decks for previous guests Yeah, I mean, we could ask him if he's going to do something like that. That would be pretty cool if he's going to try and... I want to know what he's bullish on, bruv. Well, he's charting Pyth there. Let's have a look at what he's charting. Yeah, we can see he's bullish on this. What's he bullish on? He's bullish on Pyth or Pith, some people say. What else has he got? I don't know. Definitely Pyth. Not fading with. With. What else have we got? Mad lads, obviously. I've got an alarm that keeps wanting to go off. Yeah, don't worry about it. It's fine. It's very Halloween-y. Just keep scrolling. Yeah. Halloween alarms. We like that. What have we got here? Solana. So this is about a day ago. Yeah. I heard someone join. I think our voice CMS is back. Divergence looks very solid. Okay, that's spooky. See you back. See you back. We're back. Thank you, Mr. Man. I'm in Thailand and I ran out of data. I had to recharge real quick. That was quick. Are you using one of those eSIMs then? No, no, no, man. I use the Saga and I wish it supported the eSIM, but it doesn't. So I had to just buy like a normal SIM card that's 7-Eleven, but I can charge it online real quick. that was pretty speedy actually that was pretty speedy to be fair yeah i was i was in morocco and i you know constantly kept running out of data and then i'd have to go to the shop every time and get one of those scratch cards and then you know i get the guy in the shop to do it for me because i can't understand french when they're doing all the french stuff but I used to be like in French over there, don't I? Yeah, yeah. It's their national language. So all the like top ups and everything, TV news, everything's in French. So it's like, it was tough for me out there, but yeah, the people are very helpful. So they used to top up the phone. Anyway, let's whip up Seabass's Twitter and talk about some of these charts. This is not financial advice, by the way, Juicers. All right. This is just that boy Seabass dropping. Man, it's interesting that you also get like a, like a measure of which coins have the biggest community like definitely when you post about certain charts you get definitely more engaged and i'm like whenever i talk about jup or whiff people go kind of in but i generally like all of this is basically just the charts and like i don't really pay attention to anything else i look at the charts just like your profit Bro, I think so, man. Yeah, I think so. Like at the beginning, at the beginning, I was focusing on like trading, trading a lot. But right now, man, for this cycle, it has been more about trading. What a high conviction concentrated bets. That's what I call them. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, in the previous cycles, I realized like, yeah, I bought Solana, I don't know, at like $3. I went Solana was at like two 15. I'm like, bro, did I make the same money as if I just bought Solana went on a pitch for idea and did absolutely nothing. So tell, tell the juices, um, what a concentrated conviction that is like, explain like I'm five years old. Oh no, we've lost him again. Oh no. He's back, he's back. Jesus, bro. It's Halloween, bro. I'm getting like, the connection is like the blockchain. We need a slide. What's a concentrated conviction, Seabass? Talk to us. What is that? Man, basically something that gives me tingling in my boat. No, I'm kidding. Like a project that I can, that I have more like fundamental reasons to bet on it. Like the founders, the team, the idea of the project, the future of a project, maybe even better if I can compare it to something in the past that has performed well. So, I don't know. For me, I honestly have very little ones. Like, it's honestly Jupiter, the Mad Lads, and I believe that's it, man. Like, I don't really... I mean, I guess Solana, of course, but Solana is, like, an obvious one. But Jupiter was great. Jupiter, Solana, Mad Lads. You heard it here. That's the Alpha NFA. What do you like about Jupiter, Cedas? Man, I really like... The idea that I could compare to something in the past, I guess, if you were here in the previous cycle, yeah bro. You saw Uniswap go 20x and I'm a big believer in that Uniswap. I mean, it's a good product, but it's built on something that I personally don't consider as good as Solana. Like, built on Ethereum that you have to pay a bunch of fees. Yeah, if you have $10 million, you don't care about spending $50 in a transaction, but... so jupiter was great built on better rails than uniswap i also like man the approach that meow and the team has taken in decentralizing different activities that must be done like you guys would you punch use some other people you were talking about saviano that does great threads yeah so like decentralizing the thing and the down also was a crucial idea for me because I think it's fantastic to have the community involved. We lost him again. Cats have nine lives. Seabass has more. Seabass has had quite a few lives. About 40 by now. Yeah, he's been cooking, bro. He's been cooking. He's right, though, what he says about Meow and the team. They really are decentralizing the entity that is Jupiter. They're breaking it up into bite-sized chunks and then empowering each of those chunks. Like, Workgroups, for example, they empowered us. They've empowered initiatives like ApePro. Yeah. Various different teams in Jupiter get so much love. It's a vibe, dude. It's a big vibe. And it's nice that he notices that too. Do you boys notice that? How the approach that Jupiter has taken is not a normal approach? Yeah, no, 100%. Yeah. Hey, It's kind of like what was spoken about at the beginning, right? Like we had to start off somewhere centralized because that's just kind of how it has to begin. But now that the work groups are forming and the DAO is kind of evolving along with the process of making work groups, like, you know, with our grants process and everything and being able to like use that as like a stepping stone to getting to work groups. Like I think it's a, It's starting to paint the picture of decentralization, you know, starting to funnel out into all its different sections, especially with the languages. The languages to me is one of the biggest things because the way I picture it is like if there has to be a work group there, there has to be like a work group that has subsections like all over the place. You know what I mean? It's so decentralized, but it has to be under one body at the same time. So, yeah. Empowerment, boys. Do stuff and the GP verse will empower you. Yo, JD. Yeah, Yo-Yo, JD and everyone else in the chat, thank you for attending Jupe & Juice, being here for us once again. You always turn up for us and we always appreciate it. There's about 400 people watching live now on X. Thank you very much. Well, actually, that's a lie. There's about three people on YouTube, so... There's 400 on X now because the three people on YouTube have been surpassed. It's 404. So there we go. Whoever's on YouTube is part of an elite club. Yes, part of an absolute elite club. I just wanted to touch on the work group thing just because they mentioned it in the planetary call recently and it is a big thing. Anybody out there that's looking to do either like design or dev relations, like developer type stuff, come and get involved in Jupyter. We need you. JD, I totally agree. I love Irish's costume as well. What do you mean? It's the scariest one here, bro. The scariest one here. What, his mask? Yeah, yeah, his mask, yeah. It's crazy, isn't it? It's actually quite realistic. Yeah, it's so spooky, man. Spooky mask. But, I mean, let's move on now. Seabass, thank you for coming. We appreciate you. And you try to persevere once, not twice, but three times over. And, you know, for some reason that Thai connection just isn't siding with you and we respect it. We'll get you back on the show and we'll have another chat one time again. But, That was unfortunate is what it is. We had, but we got some time with you and we appreciate that. So thank you for turning up and thank you for trying. And hopefully we'll see you again soon sometime. Who's our next guest? Who's our next guest? Next, we have a deep end project called ECB. And actually these guys have been so patient. Like we first spoke to these guys months ago and it is only now that they are coming on the street on the stupid juice, stupid spook. So we're so excited for this one because we've been waiting for ages, ages. When you say ages, when you say ages, what's ages? About one mortal lifespan. But for me, it's just a second. But for you guys, it's about a year. Like two months, I'd say a month to two months, something like that. Which is a very long time, actually. It's ages. Yeah, it is, it is. So without further ado, let's bring them up. Let's bring them up, guys. Don and MT. Don and MT. Welcome to Jupe & Juice, guys. Hi, guys. Hello, mortals. Hello, guys. Thank you for having us. Welcome, welcome, welcome. You're right. I started waiting when I was 25. I like that. I'm glad you found one, but that's okay. Oh, cool to have us. Amazing, amazing. I was trying something with the cameras, but it doesn't work. Yeah, you're fired. Yeah, so welcome to Jupe & Juice, guys. And, you know, it's been a long time, as we've alluded to, but we respect the fact that you are so patient and waited for us and actually have turned up today to have a chat. So let's speak. Let's talk about... Let's talk. Yeah, let's talk about... I think first, we ask... Don, who are you? Tell the juicers. Who is Don? I'm an entrepreneur. I have companies already in companies for over 25 years, operating companies in Romania, Poland, the Netherlands, Germany, and Pakistan. So basically all over, let's say, the location all over the world. And I around 2017 I bought my first forest and I And I bought that basically generally to offset my CO2 for my own logistics company. Carbon credits. And there we started our journey for EcoBall. And that's really an interesting journey where we are already around seven years on the road now. Owning from our EcoBall company around 155 hectares of land. All over Europe, five locations. And you mentioned just earlier that one of your guys is very close to Valencia. Actually, I'm at one of our locations, which is in Abanila. And that's only 30 kilometers away from this flooding, what happened. And that really is a devastating situation here in Spain. So three days of national mourning and already around 95 people lost their lives. I know. Yeah. The most... Yeah, the hideous thing in that perspective is basically people lost their lives because they wanted to preserve their cars. So that for me is a hard thing. They wanted to save their cars, so their possessions. And yeah, came into the water. So that was really agonizing. Yeah, that's a lesson, folks. You know, material things can be replaced. Your life can't, you know. So take care of your life first, for sure. I think it's also very hard to judge, right? Like they didn't know how dangerous it was when they tried to save their possessions. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like a flash flood. It'll do that. Yeah. Yeah. Crazy dude. I was watching a TV show. What they call it is swell. right and the swell moves much faster than normal water and it also carries objects that travel about 70 mile an hour so it's not just water it's like fast moving objects so our heart goes out to you guys um we wish you all the best and there's nothing we can do from here in this you know in jupiter but uh we can definitely send our love and maybe we can do something about that soon who knows um So with that said, moving on, and wow, yeah, I don't know really how to continue after that, but let's talk. Go on, go ahead. I was just going to say a small idea is we could have a small minute of silence. They did it in the planetary call, you know, for a passed away member of the Jupiter community. So, I mean, this is a tragic thing. We could have one minute of silence. We could do that, actually. Yeah, let's do that. Let's do a minute. Yeah, let's meet up. Thank you guys. Thank you, thank you, thank you. So let's talk ECB and before that, let's get to know MT. So MT, you're obviously part of the ECB team. So what do you do at ECB? Who are you? Who's MT? Well, it's a bit tragic to continue on this note, but my story is basically similar to Sebast's story. So I've been in crypto for quite a few years and that's basically only trading like CBez. And all props for the idea of this project goes to Dom because I wasn't involved in the first few years. I just recently joined. And yeah, we had some of the same connections and he got to know me through those connections, knew that I was in crypto. So he pitched this idea to me and I got excited. It was a great idea. He asked me to join the team and it was quite easy choice for me. That's awesome. So like very organic, very like easy decision. So what were you doing before you joined Don? Yeah, I'm just full time in crypto. It's just trading, being in the space, finding out about new projects, that type of stuff. Yeah, awesome. And what's your role in ECB? Well, as Don said, he comes from an entrepreneur background and he's not really that familiar with the crypto space. And as you guys probably know, it's very different compared to real life companies, etc. So I'm just more like a guide to him. Consultant, essentially. Crypto consultant. Because there are a lot of... traps and differences in this space compared to the business space there's a lot of sharks as well so you can you can support the sharks for them and uh you know i'm sure you've met some in in web tradfire but um yeah that's awesome so so don and mt please explain to these mortals and to produce right now what uh what what ecb is like like explain like i'm five years old in human years I think Don is very, very good at that. So I will leave it to him. Thank you. Basically, what we do is we decentralize CO2. CO2 is becoming, especially for governments and for institutions, the way to tax. And taxation, especially for decentralization, isn't something we really like. And also as a business person, I think it's necessary to have maybe a little bit of tax also from a political background, what I believe. But mostly I think taxation in a way is theft. And if you tax, let's say, on commodities which people cannot touch, which people do not understand and which people cannot get their hands on, then you need to find a way to make this a tangible asset. So basically what we did and MT is way too modest because he helped me really a lot in this field. Yeah. is that we have designed a type of battery which is the CO2 or the ECB token functions as a battery which basically every and now I'm going to it's going to be a little bit technical but I try to keep it simple. Okay. One hectare of land is storing 10,200 kilos of CO2. We have a certification of that from universities. So we generate from one hectare 10,200 ECB tokens and they function as batteries. This capacity of new nature, if you revitalize it, is that it can store the CO2 for a period of 100 years. So the idea behind it is that the CO2 battery, when you stake it in our staking wallet, then you generate and you collect CO2. And this CO2 will be basically function as an asset which you can use on widgets, apps, websites or and even we hope in a way also use it to pay taxes so that you will be the only one or be capable of using the asset CO2 in the future as your own asset. That's true. The fact that you guys own all the forests. Yeah. Like, so you have those carbon credits essentially. I see. I see. That's interesting. Yeah. We only bought to make the, to, to organize the business case to prove it. But basically anybody with a forest can contact us and we will help him generate batteries. Okay, awesome. So in very simple terms, like what is carbon offsetting? Like if I've never heard of it before, what is carbon offsetting? Carbon offsetting in plain is that you emit. So you have a truck or you have a car or whatever, and you produce or you burn your fuel. By that, you create CO2. And this CO2 has to buy. It doesn't need to be, but I think in a way it's partially maybe responsible for doing something to our environment and climate. So you want to store that CO2. And nature is very capable of storing CO2. And what you basically do is the CO2 you use, you put it back into a forest. So that's the traditional offsetting. Okay, so how does the CO2 get from the CO2 to the forest? The magic of a tree. The magic of a tree. So the tree is eating the CO2 and excreting oxygen. Yeah, the tree is doing the opposite thing what we are doing. So basically we use oxygen, emit CO2, and the tree is consuming CO2 and emitting oxygen. So there's a perfect balance. That's also where the name comes from, ecologic balancing. So that's what it basically means. Right, yeah. Ecologic balancing, okay. So... How are you? It's not easy to be as a token, right? And I read in the proposal, which we'll bring up soon, that each token represents CO2. This is like a core proposition of ECB. So can you explain that to like, how do you prove that these tokens represent CO2? Is it something to do with the widgets that you mentioned? ECB token is representing the battery which is storing the CO2. And this CO2 basically is earned or rewarded by staking the ECB token in our staking wallet. I will just add to that. We are launching a secondary token which is called CO2T. Basically CO2 token. which is the reward you get for staking ECB. You don't get extra ECBs as rewards. And the CO2 token is the one that you will burn to offset your emissions. So basically the goal is, let's say you take a plane and the site tells you you have this much emissions. Our widget will calculate how much CO2 you have and how much you can already offset with our token. okay so there the secondary token comes into play so there's a second token coming and that token is staking rewards for stakers of ECB is ECB out now yeah it is but it's only on the centralized exchange but it will come to uh decentralized exchange next week why did you start on the centralized exchange Well, the story is a bit complicated, but obviously we did our introduction on Jupyter. They held off on the vote for the groups, as you guys probably know, because there were a lot of things that had priority within the community. And we got approached by a centralized exchange. They were very interested in our project, so we list with them first because we didn't really know how long it would take before the working groups get the votes on the projects again. But we have noticed that, and in our vision, it's also the decentralized exchanges are the best and fitting to our vision. So that's why we're coming to the decks so yeah i was going to say a million percent because you have so many functions you certainly don't want your tokens locked up in a centralized exchange where you can't delegate access or or anything like that so that exactly yeah and especially since it's the decentralization of carbon decentralized yeah exactly it's a bit it's a bit against our vision to be even beyond this centralized exchange And we also believe the decentralization of exchanges will be even bigger in finance than we probably think. I think you're right. Jeeppa is setting a good example. I'm sure there's others. But that's cool. So there's an interesting story forming here at ECB, right? Actually, quickly, what was the centralized exchange that reached out to you? That's CoinStore. So, yeah, that's mostly based in Southeast Asia. Okay, coin stop. Yeah, man, excited to see you guys get on decentralized exchange. I think that's just, it makes sense to me. But I am not an advisor, no financial advisor, of course. No, but you're 100% correct. Yeah, yeah. So also, like, imagine I am an ECB token holder, right? And I understand that you guys did put this proposal up on the LFT proposal, but there There were so many proposals there, boys. Because there were no votes, they just kept piling on proposals. That's right. Something like that. So excited to get you guys on. But let's say today I buy ECB token. Can I still interact with your ecosystem? in the offsetting and the staking because surely if it's on a centralized exchange i can't do any of that yet is that right um the staking is not even live right now okay it's also coming with the dex launch which is most logical in theory you could withdraw your ecb talks to phantom you could not trade them but you could stake them if the staking would be live beforehand yeah right but yeah we thought it was most logical to hold on to that until we are on the decentralized exchange so we have everything decentralized and in one environment good that makes sense yeah for sure what's your what's your total supply Of ECB? About 1.4 million coins. Wow, that's so low. Yeah, it is. And you started on a centralized exchange first. Yeah, but it's... That's brave. Because it's based on the land that we have. So we wanted to keep it simple. Ah, okay. If we don't have more land, we won't have more coins. If other forest owners come to us, then there will be more coins added. If we buy more land, then there will be more coins added. And so that's essentially how it's operating like a battery because it's exactly. I see. There's the circle that comes around. Yeah. Okay. Really makes sense now. Yeah. So can we scroll down on the proposal to describe your project in five sentences? Just so the people watching can also read that. Yes, so ECB token aims to decentralize CO2. We aim to turn storage into tradable tokens. Now, turning CO2 offset is not a new concept and it's something that I've been seeing a lot, environmentally conscious projects. What makes ECB special? What we are doing is real. So a lot of companies, what they are doing is real. So that's a very, very big difference. There was in the news, I think, three days ago that a lot of this voluntary carbon offset companies, that they are not really measurable. We think that we are fully transparent and fully measurable. So that's one of the biggest, I think the biggest and also our most valuable point. Okay. Yeah. Good answer. And obviously you've chosen Solana. It uses relatively low electricity compared to other chains, but it still uses a ton of electricity. Yeah. So let's describe the sentences. I'm aiming to create a tradable commodity for CO2 with the offsetting widget. I've read this earlier. Can you explain again in simple terms what the widget is? The widget is basically a little piece of software. For example, you have a car. You drive 10 kilometers per one liter of diesel. One liter of diesel has a total quantity of CO2 of 2.6 kilos. So that means that you will have 0.26 kilos of CO2 for one kilometer. Quite simply explained. We will create a widget. Let's say if you use a rental car from Hertz or other companies, And you have driven in your holiday 500 kilometers, then it's 500 times 0.26. And that's the amount of CO2 you can offset. And that's the utility which we will provide. Okay. I've been yapping a lot. I would like this morsel here, Irish, to yap some more about. If I can add to that. Please do. Go ahead. There is also... I mean, it probably sounds a bit difficult to you guys right now. And that's also a big part of our goal is to inform our users that there is a problem. But a lot of people are not knowledgeable about this problem yet. So they don't know they need a solution. So big goal of us is to also inform communities about the problem, even if it's Maybe not that noticeable now. It will be very noticeable in the future and it will be very needed in the future. And I think a lot of regulations in a lot of countries will get a lot more stricter than people actually expect. So we also need to inform people more about the problems. And do you feel like your product kind of helps challenge those regulations or helps people work around them? Yeah. How do you feel like it does that? Like, it's the biggest goal of us to because as Don earlier said, it taxes basically theft. because i'm sure you're not the only one that i think a lot of people in crypto would probably agree some taxes needed of course to keep a country running and that's okay i'm fine with that of course but um there's governments taking 60 percent of someone's salary that's just insane and they're gonna be taxing on carbon Like crazy that call me crazy, but I wouldn't even be surprised if they text you later on for breathing because you admit carbon. So that's something that we need to get people knowledgeable about. And then they will see themselves that our project will be part of solution. So that's a big goal. It was said earlier that you said, for instance, that you could rent out a car through Hertz. It might be a silly question, but I'm going to ask it just in case it isn't obvious. But it works for your own personal car, everything like that as well. Is there any other examples of where it can be used? I think it's awesome, by the way, that somebody can just go on a holiday and start offsetting tax by driving around the place while they're having fun. But yeah, is there any other examples? Well, if you buy a package, for example, from any logistics company or what is coming and being shipped into you, that obviously uses energy. Yeah, of course. So that's an option. Fire trucks have to drive. Yeah, if you take a plane, if you take a flight, if you take a train, if you... Basically put the light on in your house, you use energy. So any of these could apply on the widget? Any of those ways eventually will be text. So that's also in the road train. If you read, let's say, the European legislation, that's really a way what they are looking for to text people. So how they want to gather money in the future. Yeah, not true. So it's important we offset. Not the woodwork. Yeah. It's important we offset and we know how to do it. It's more of a solution for the future. For now, it's not maybe that prominent in a lot of countries, but it will be. And carbon is basically, you need it for every activity almost. So they're going to tax on how much kilometers you drive every year on gas. how much people are living in your house how much energy you consume almost everything so and that widget will be built for all activities yeah you know it makes sense I mean at the end of the day you know you're preparing for the inevitable uh just like everything here in crypto is where at least most of us believe we're preparing for the inevitable change of going away from centralized finance to decentralized finance so obviously all the different boys you know Yeah. We're trying to. We're all building it. So, you know, it's on its way. So let's get back to you. So we believe actually that in maybe a year or maybe in two years, we will go into maybe juridical discussions because they won't like us very much. And then, yeah, then we have to really prove that we are reliable, transparent and also, let's say, the only way forward. And conscientious. Yeah. Let's get back into, I like this philosophical debate that Tyrus has created, by the way. He's a very philosophical guy, I like it. Yeah, that's a great question. Yeah, yeah, it's great. Let's open up the proposal one more time, because I would just want to quickly touch on now. I know that users can't actually stake your token yet, but I think it's important to talk about the token once it moves on to decentralized exchanges. So if you go down to tokenomics, launch tokenomics. Nice, there we go. Yeah, so if you just bring this up. So I'm guessing that this was your initial tokenomics for your LFG launch with Jupiter, right? Yeah, correct. Now, the LFG launch didn't happen. So has the tokenomics changed? Part of it, maybe, because the Jupiter fee is obviously not relevant anymore. Yeah. But it's mostly the same, yeah. Okay, so that 0.5% for Jupiter is no longer there, but there is a cheeky 10% for an airdrop. Now, you're on centralized exchanges right now, but there is 10%. And if you're on centralized exchanges, no one's receiving an airdrop yet. So if it's still in the tokenomics, how is the airdrop going to work? How can people get involved? How can the juicers get involved? Yeah. That's a very good question, but I think we want to keep it a secret for now. Confidential alpha. Yeah. Confidential. I think we will announce it very soon. But it will be a fun, interactive way to earn it. And to people that really support us. Yeah, so people that really support you. That reminds me a little bit of Sanctum. They did an airdrop booster called Earnestness. which is where those that actually interacted with them on the Discord in a nice way or helped them spread the message on Twitter received quite a juicy increase to their airdrop allocation. Maybe get in touch with those guys and see if there's anything that those guys can share with you on how it went. Yeah. Yeah, but it sounds like you guys have already got a plan. You're just not telling the juice, which is very, very bad, by the way. Maybe even an LST token. And then because people are staking through the validator can just be another way for there to be more funds for your project or something. Now we will basically the airdrop will be on CO2 tokens. So we will make a major CO2 tokens airdrop. And that's what and that will be very interesting. Yeah, I like the idea of that. Yeah. So you're planning to like get all of the eco-conscious projects and tokens on Solana together, distribute tokens to those that are holding those eco-conscious tokens to get them into the hands of people that care. Exactly. Yeah. And are you thinking just Solana? Like, you know, obviously we are Solana here, stupid juice, but like, I'm sure there's other projects like this, like on Ethereum and things like that. Yeah, there are, yeah. Most of them are on the Ethereum Fog Matic. I know Arcarine is a solar. They offset credits as well. They're probably on L2s. But there are not that many on Solana and definitely not that much that do what we do and are as transparent as we are. and we would the plans of bridging to other blockchains are there but for now we just want to focus on Solana and really Solana is home baby yeah I'm a big believer of Solana and that's one thing I changed on Don's plan because he initially wanted to launch on another blockchain but what kind of was that It's the one I mentioned earlier. Matthew. Yeah. But the first second I walked into the office, I said, we are launching on Atlanta. That was a W. That was a W. The guy has a long reach. That was an absolute W, just redirecting him. That was the first thing I changed when I came in. Solana and then Joop. Right choice. Yeah, those two things just were the initial one. The user experience over here is just 20 times better. I mean... It's crazy. Obviously, I've been in crypto for about seven years and I've done a lot of work on Ethereum, but the experience on Solana is just so much better. And it's just right now, it's my home, my go-to. It's home, baby. Don, MT, do you guys... see us before we move on to Sol, who's been so kindly waiting for us. Everyone's so patient with us. They shouldn't be. Thank you, Sol. Yeah, thank you. Do you see crypto environmental projects? If you were to give me a percentage of how many are actually legit and how many just... I think they called it trumpeting, don't they? Green trumpeting, where they're pretending to be environmentally conscious, but they're actually just scanning. How many do you think are legit and how many do you think are bogus? I think it's difficult to put a number on it because a lot of people also write it under charity work, but when it's really not, or volunteer work, when it's really not, I wouldn't be able to put a number on it. But I don't want to take shots on any projects, obviously. Everyone is doing their bit and building on their project. but we just think we do it the best so i like that to jd there he's extending the hand to you guys he uh he's a a cataculture here in jupyverse but he's also very uh ingrained in sanctum and everything yeah the cloud men do so please leave your twitter handle so we can talk maybe But to give you an idea of the volume of this voluntary carbon market, I think Oxfam Novib last week made a report, transparent let's say, where there was 41 billion USD involved. Wow. Which is untraceable. So basically they don't know. Oh my God. Oh no. So the market is enormous. Yeah. And it will only get bigger. We aren't just beginning. That's 41 billion. That's so much. Dollars in untraceable funds involved in the carbon monoxide. That's half the market cap of Solana. And that's why we're bringing it to Solana. Okay. That's literally half the capital of the entire chain. That's it. Yeah. Bring that liquidity over here. You could even take 1% of that and you're like, I can't bring the 41 billion, but I believe 5%, 5% can be like the hallmark, you know, So the token is not on Dex's right now. However, it will be. Do you have like a rough time frame that we can tell the guys? It will be on next week on Friday. Oh, wow. There we go. So what day is that? That is the 8th of November. Then we will launch on the Dex. on the 8th of November, they are launching on Dex's, on Solana. So keep locked in. And where do they find more about ECB? How do I get me some of the token when it's there? Where do I find out the information? Basically, if you check our Twitter, follow our Twitter, it's ECB underscore token. Now you're all good. We got it, yo. Yeah, yeah, yeah. ECB underscore token on X. You will get to know everything up to date. There's a link to our Telegram group where we talk about everything and also about our news, obviously. So it's easy to keep up to date with us. I can't speak for the other boys, but I definitely will be. Thank you. Can I just say something? Yeah, yeah. Please. I was going to say that. The intro song was crazy. It's crazy work. Are you guys there on the track? It's Irish. Irish there and a resident cat there. yeah we got we got doc free balling is the producer so yeah the one little uh like feature of some other voice that's him he did a couple of hours yeah so it's doc free balling who made the soundtrack and featured on the track and it's irish who's rapping pretty much most most of the time i wrote the lyrics and wrapped them yeah everyone always gasses Irish up every episode big love man big love sure buddy you love it do you know what's crazy it nearly didn't even make the cut we nearly said you know what these lyrics are so they're not quite there yeah it just snuck through everyone loves it so it is what it is ECB, it's been a complete pleasure, right? And I'm so glad you guys waited for us to get you on. And we need to do this again. How about when you get your Dex launch, we give you some time to get acclimatized to Dex culture. It's very different to sex culture, okay? And I'm sure you know that, MT. But be prepared to be on blast every day. Everyone will have an opinion, right? Everyone is going to share it. when the chart goes up people are happy when the chart goes down your scanners it's just how it goes right but aside from that is there anything that you guys want to tell uh the people who locked in today on juice and spook anything else it's just uh keep up with us um thank you for listening thank you guys for having us it's been great experience it's i mean it's a great podcast it's informal it's funny it's laughing it's just relaxed vibes We had some other talks in Twitter spaces that are formal, but this is just a way better feeling. That's awesome. That's awesome to hear. And on that note, I suppose we'll say goodbye to you guys and thank you once again for coming on the show. And we will speak to our next environmental guest. Thanks, guys. Good luck, guys. Thank you very much. Cheers, guys. We'll see you soon. Peace out, guys. Peace out. I'm excited for this one. Not only is the logo very cute, although it's not very Halloween-y. I'm doing the editing today, mate. It's very cute. It's a habit. You're both fired. Get off the stage. This is Joe from Soul. I've been speaking to... I think it is Joe from Soul because I've been talking from... My account to the sole account. So I'm actually not sure who it was I was talking to, but it's been a long time. They've been patient just like ECB has. So without further ado, after a long awaited about three months or so. months. Joe from Seoul to Jupe and Juice. Hi everyone! Hi Joe! Hi! I don't have a costume. Thank you. But I can bring black cat. Oh, you have a black cat, yeah? It's sleeping but I can take photos after this session. Oh my god, I really need to see the cat, please. Yeah, Wake loves cats. I mean this demon thing likes cats. Who's Wake? We have 200 plus cats rescued. Wow. Yes. Wow. Perfect for the Judoverse. Is that part of the Soul Project as well, or is that something separate that you guys have? No, that I read. Not initially, but all three co-founders are actually rescuers of stray cats. Oh, wow. I take it you're from the Philippines, right? I actually heard there's a lot of stray cats in the Philippines, right? Correct. You are well informed. Yes. Yeah. Thank you so much for saving cats, by the way. I actually had a dream. This is irrelevant. I had a dream last night that there was two kittens and one large cat. And I had to rescue them. So this is weird, Joe. It's like this was meant to be, this deep-induced episode. So you guys have actually sort of added cat rescue into your project informally. Yes, quick answer. And we have a plan to have a shelter, a sanctuary for them. So part of the Forest Soul Sanctuary will be devoted for rescued cats. That is amazing, dude. When we went to Singapore, us guys... this guy, him, and this guy called Wake. We went to this cat cafe, Jo. Cat cafe? Yeah, we just walked in and there was just like five very overweight cats. They're just fighting. It was very nice. We also have them here. Oh, you have cat cafes? Yes, we also have here in the Philippines. Nice. Have you visited one before? Yes. Are they really chubby cats as well in the Philippines, like they were in Singapore, or not so much? I really want to show a picture of them. They were so chubby. They were like really chubby cats. They're so fat, bro. Yeah, and then there was two of them that really hated each other, and they kept fighting each other. But there was about 15 of them, maybe 12 of them, and they were all nice, but there was just two. I think they must have been the dominant ones trying to establish their... territory or something but yeah it was really nice there was one bully there was one big fat grey bully cat that would just like scratch everybody but anyway you're not here to speak about that are you like we're taking you all over the place let's talk about Soul tell us about Soul tell us about the project Sure. By the name itself, we are building a soulful project on Solana that is in the business of protecting the natural forests plus growing them, growing more, and then involving local communities so so that they can directly receive the benefits through dividend share in the form of LSD. So we are developing a cooperative dividend LSD protocol for them. Plus, we are also involving everyone, anyone who can participate to collect data to build that big reliable data because most of the environmental data are not comprehensive, unreliable, and needs validation. And usually the government with the centralized agency requiring official data to academics and researchers, they usually say that, for instance, forest cover data or land cover data are not validated on the ground. typically because of lack of resources, lack of manpower, and lack of technical people. But if SOL can implement an AI that can validate, serve as a first layer of verification, validation of data, for instance, presence or absence of tree or forest canopy or flooding, just like what has happened recently in the Philippines. It caused two typhoons, super typhoons, and the one that you showed earlier in Spain. There are others actually. So it's not only the Southeast Asia that is experiencing flash floods, landslides, flooding. and other related disasters. It's all over. It's just a matter of time that other developed countries will be experiencing the wrath or the intensity of climate-induced disasters. Natural disasters. Yes. Natural, but... Climate-induced. Yes, climate-induced or climate-intensified, but it is mainly human activities that is 99% the cause of these disasters. Okay, so let me just touch on what you've said, right? So you're saying 99% of this is caused by human behavior, right? Yes. What sort of behaviors create these kind of effects? Like what are humans doing that lead on to these kind of disasters? Okay. First off, I mentioned that Seoul is building that big reliable data because... It saddens us that many natural resources managers or forest managers are not utilizing data. They don't have the reliable data. They don't have the comprehensive data. So how are they managing these natural resources effectively? So it all starts with an evidence-based and reliable scientific data. So you should start from there. That's why Seoul is building it. And then, of course, there are depletion of resources. But there is a spike in population and they demand, for instance, they are equally, they need food. So we have a spike in the demand of food and therefore we convert, for instance, if you are fond of eating food, Burgers? Yeah. So you're guilty. So this is what's happening. For instance, that burger. So if many people are fond of eating and frequently eating burgers, so the demand spikes. Yes. to be able to have the beef meat, you will have a lot of land because it requires a lot of grasses for the cattle. And if you don't have that huge land, The thing is, forests will be converted into grasslands, grazing lands. And if you remove that forest, that very protection for the lowland communities as well as the upland communities, then you can expect more of the devastating news just like what you showed in Spain and in the Philippines. Yeah. Wow, so something as small as eating a burger can have such a detrimental effect on the environment. And people don't realize these things because they don't actually think about them, do they? They don't think, okay, this is what it takes to get this mass production of meat for McDonald's, let's say, or whatever it is. They're going to go and take all this land. They're changing the landscape of the environment somewhat, and it's causing natural disasters or, as you said... climate-induced disasters. This is very interesting. You don't really think about this because we just all go about our day as we do, right? And drink our juices and eat our burgers and whatever else and enjoy our internet, but we don't really realise what's behind the infrastructure of creating all this and how it affects the environment. And so you're trying to tackle these issues using... the blockchain, right? Solana, yes. Yeah, Solana itself specifically. And so tell us how the blockchain can help actually create, you know, get the data that you're referring to. How does that all work and how do people get involved in order to do that and achieve the goal that you're trying to achieve? Alright, I'll start with why we are working on the Solana blockchain. It's a simple, for a simple reason, we want to have direct benefits as much as much of the benefits to the local partners or local communities. And we can do that by having the Solana characteristics and benefits elements to be able to implement these things. And then sliding into collecting data, we will be developing, we are actually developing a decentralized application in a gamified field so that it's engaging it's not too technical and it will be visual heavy so that the local communities who who haven't used even a smartphone for their entire life will be able to use the technology easily and we can transfer the skills. So they will be collecting data and then for every data, it will be validated by an AI as a first layer. And then for more scientific information, such as species, it's important to determine so that we will know if people are actually growing the right species because if not they might be introducing pests and that would cause more expenses actually rather than net positive gains and possible ecological disasters yeah correct oh you you've done your homework okay and then Okay, so two layers of validation. There will be scientific community validators after the AI validators. And then once data are validated on-chain, automatically the community who recorded them and the data got validated will be rewarded with soul tokens. So that's... one idea and then another one is that we will be using the data because we will be growing actual and physical forest soil sanctuaries where we grow food forests like fruits and in combination with local forestries so that we can balance the ecosystem and we won't be introducing pests and unnecessary disasters. And then for everyone who will be vesting, we will also launch vesting vaults. that are calibrated based on the growth of a tree or a forest. So if I will vest for, I think, 24 months for a citrus plant, and we expect to get the harvest on the physical world and be able to make a sale of it in actual market, those sales will feed into the dividend token and will be distributed based on the protocol. For instance, the schedule will be every, just like a cooperative, every six months, or every year. So there will be a lot of layers of benefits for the community. One is on chain and then another one is on real world and physical revenues. So it's not only tree farming. We will also be... introducing secondary tokens such as forest credit, water credit. So as forests grow, you can expect that you will be improving the water retention and that will be calculated scientifically and then the equivalent will have these dividend tokens. Okay. And other than that uh other than using the data we can also um be in partnership with corporations so we want them to vest for 10 years 15 years 20 years 25 years because they are the ones um should we say uh generating The most emissions. Yes, GHG emissions. And it's not only GHG emissions. And it is also the manner they are doing their business. So with SOL, there will be a 100% transparent mechanism and reporting, regular reporting and regular monitoring because we are implementing them on the ground plus the benefit the benefits go directly to the local partners or the local communities who will be involved on the ground on forest soil. So I've read through your guys' white paper, or rather I say I read through most of it. It's a very long white paper. It looks like it's written very academically. Are you an academic? Have you got a PhD or something like that? No, my background, not yet. My background is forestry so I took certificate and Bachelor of Science in Forestry and I won the MIT Solve Challenge for pitching in climate, climate, yes. That's big, yeah, well done. That was a bit slow. I froze. oh you're weak as to hey because yeah and i developed a and pioneered uh web 2 application and it got adopted by the entire philippines department of environment however oh my god the data the data is never should i say put for public consumption so it was with But it got awarded by USAID, United Nations, and Chemonics International back then. So now we're threading into developing Sol as a fully transparent and fully decentralized. And what we mean by that is that the community or the ecosystem will have the 90% of the tokenomics plus the every profit or revenue that it generates will be returned back to every community member or co-owner. We call them co-owners. Yeah, and you call that 100 fees, don't you? There's various products built into your tokenomics, one of which is 100 fees, which means that profits generated are sent back to stakers. The second is 100. F E T's and L E T's and best to earn. Now, um, these are like complicated words. Could you sum up what F E T's and L E T's are for those that might want to hold sold in the future? All right. Okay. So it works just like ordinary LST. But since we incorporated the real world economics and ecosystem, the ones that I described, even ecotourism will be operated in Forest Soul. So you can see already the different sources of income. So once they invest them for a period or periods, then they will be entitled into different layers of revenues. So it's not only the harvest or the cacao LST. if they supported the Kakao Vault. It's not only that, since we will be operating Equatorisem, so they will also have the Equatorisem LST plus the credits that I mentioned earlier. So they will interact with each other while they are in the vesting vaults. Wow. So, and I think what you call that is multi-dimensional rewards. So my understanding of that is that one dimension is you're helping the ecosystem and the environment. The second dimension is that the rewards are sent back to holders. So we have one dimension, which is the world. The other dimension is the holders. Is there another dimension to the rewards? Because multi-dimension to me says like many different things. Yes. Okay. So that plus the interaction among the LSTs. So we're still on the computational side of that. But you will be able to find it out. in our white paper 2.0. So that's where we will be detailing all the, so it will be a documentation, a technical documentation, so that you will have the formula, how we calculate it and how we interact all those LSTs. But definitely you have the on-chain, the different programs plus the real world. And then all those products or tokens, should we say, will be interacting and then will create another layer of revenue generating mechanism. That's pretty cool. And I'm looking forward very much to your white paper 2.0 because the white paper was so long. It was like 20 pages and it was just all text. But I'm just really excited about what you guys are doing. It's important. And I actually haven't heard of an environmental LST yet. Have you guys? Environmental LST? I've heard tokens, SPLs and normal tokens. I've heard NFTs. Not LFT yet. No. Um... No, no, no. There was the fellas that came on recently, Ambient. Are they launching an NST? No, not an NST. That's a token, yeah, Ambient again. A very similar thing as well they were doing, trying to create a network where you can collect this data, right? Yeah, it's sensor-based. Yeah, for air quality, yeah. So, yeah, yeah. How can we get involved, Joe? Let's say it's my first time in crypto, but I really like Sol. How do I get involved? Okay, so two categories. First, those who are adept in being online. So that's one group. So we already set up our online channels or should we say online communities. We have the Discord, we have X. We have GitHub and we have official email. We have the website. Okay. So they can reach us out. We plus Telegram. We usually respond if we are not in an interview. We respond fairly quickly. And for another group, those who are not connected online, so these are the local communities that we have been talking about since the beginning. We want to work with them so that they too would have the benefits of being online, participating in this program. activities, not only activities but programs, plus they will have access to Solana assets. So we will be starting from actually going there in their communities and then laying out programs for coaching and training, rigorous and repetitive and until such time that they will be able to empower themselves and carry out the task and have the full understanding of the system and they will not be dissuaded because of the, for instance, a wallet is a alphanumeric, a very long alphanumeric code that can that can disappoint local communities. Yes. If I talk about wallet and then they think of a physical wallet. So how do you thread these things? But since I have experiences in working, I am always on the mountains and in the forest talking with people. So I can... we can transfer this knowledge and skills so that they too can be engaged because these are for them as these are for the lowland and city people. So can I buy Solve token right now? No, not yet because we have recently received some invitations for partnerships So, there are some ongoing discussions and negotiations. Yes. Well done. I'm happy for you, Joe. Yeah. Good stuff. I've been seeing you on my feed, repping soul at hackathons, which I think is so important for projects on solana like solana is like the most social chain in crypto it's not even close uh yeah and i i love that you're at you know coliseum you're at the hackathons you're everywhere um jupiter research jupiter research i went there first I mean like IRL. IRL events. You're at the hackathons. You're at the DevMeUps. And that's great. Is that how you met these VCs that you're talking to now through IRL events? Yes, correct. I thought so. Being there, being open everywhere, being able to introduce yourself really helped. Yeah, I love that so much. And by the way, Joe, I just saw on your screen, I saw it earlier and I told the guys, you actually put this episode on your website and you said, Seoul is coming on Jupe and Juice. There it is. And the proposal is there. I love that so much. Yes, we did that. And it's unfortunate that it doesn't have the recent Jupe and Juice logo yet. because i really like that that's fine yeah it's okay you know what that's that's my fault that's my fault it's because we're constantly changing and yeah at the moment and so that logo is very recent and so you you wouldn't have been able to get access to that so that is my fault i do apologize but nonetheless we appreciate the one that you know we really do joe and yeah Just the general conversation between myself and whoever's using the Sol account. It's just been such good vibes. And it's been good vibes on Dupe & Juice today. So when can people buy the token? It will be this 2024. During 2024. Before Q4 ends of 2024, there'll be a Sol token for people to get their hands on. How many team members... Can we get you back on, Joe, when you launch the token? can you get back on jupe and juice when you're doing your token launch we'll get you back on jupe and juice and we'll talk again if that's something you want to if that's something wow yes yes yes yes yes i'll just wanted to ask you how many people is there in your team because like uh obviously you you're someone who's like very you're obviously like a leadership person within the team but who who else is in the team just out of interest Okay, if you ask persons, 15. But these persons actually have a community of their own. So I cannot count all of them, but they're already support from the Visayas region, Mindanao, and of course, Japan and Metro Manila. Wow. Okay, so you're growing fast. But I assume you have to grow quickly because you're going to have to grow vastly because this is not just a small thing. This is a global thing, right? To get all this data, you're going to want to expand all over the place. Yes, correct. And it's not only that, because we are integrating on-chain to real world ecosystems. We want to have that consciousness for all crypto founders to be able to incorporate what's happening in their surrounding because it affects every one of us. As I mentioned earlier, You could die because there's already 500 deaths estimated every year because of these disasters. And you could lose your house, your livelihood. And even if you are earning tremendously with DeFi, you have to protect that because you build it and with just one snap, you could lose everything. So we are actually encouraging people who will be developing on Solana to incorporate these things. So We love DeFi. We incorporated DeFi. But we are also building on real world because the real world affects us all. And we cannot say typhoon, come back next month. I'm not prepared. Which we have right now, right? There's typhoons at the moment. Yes, there's super typhoon Leon right now. Devastating again. We have... We have a lot of provinces and maybe entire region here in the Philippines that was devastated by the previous super typhoon. And it was really sad because you can see the flood up to second floor of their housing. So you can expect nothing. And the thing is, we will rebuild again. So it's like a cyclical process. This is a sad cycle. Yeah, it's so sad. And it takes many years to rebuild. It's not like it happens and then next week everything's back to normal. It takes years and years and years to rebuild. And if those lands got toppled you cannot bring that back right away. So that's not how restoration works. Sometimes you cannot even restore an area fully. Yeah. So we really are doing, we are really doing God's work. This is important, right? I just, I really hope that there are other legitimate eco-conscious people projects, provable eco-conscious projects with transparency that come out of Solana because Solana is the place to be. Solana has the communicative power to be able to spread this message. So I'm very happy you chose Solana, Jo. Yes, we did a great and long research. I was building with Aserium before, but that was before Solana. Too much electricity. even before Solana is created. So I was surprised by the tremendously high gas fee. And it's like, will I have a loss? It's like ripping off from the community. With Sol's design to be engaging local communities, I think it's unethical to charge them a lot of dollars for just a transaction. It's... I cannot describe more. You're right. And it's very limiting, very limiting for someone to do a good cause. And it's like costing you money to try and like do a good cause. It's kind of insane. But that's, that's Ethereum, man. Ethereum's somewhat, in my opinion, not financial advice, a joke. So that's literally it. You heard it here first. It's probably not the first time you've heard it. You've probably heard it a thousand times. Also, Ethereum uses way more electricity than Solana. Yeah. We did our math as well. So what else? What can we look forward to? What's coming up for Sol? Obviously, you have your token launch, which is 2024. Are there any events that you'll be at that people could meet you at? Okay. So we are concentrated in developing because we have been participating or we got selected from that HACS incubation, Island DAO. And we even went to Solana Summit APAC. Just to verify the information that we gathered online and in textbooks. And then to get a feel how the community is and what great projects are. And then those were the basis of our... They are actually the inspirations. We met Sangtoom. We met John Wong. We met Zeus a lot. Basically all that participated in the Solanas. And It was sad that we couldn't get into all the sessions because there were multiple sessions and in separate rooms, of course. Yes. But it's amazing that you're doing it and you're out there and you're meeting people in Solana. Like I said, it's very social. It's a very social thing is Solana. So I'd actually recommend that to... uh ecb earlier as well like get out there get to the events and show your face and i get to know the founders but that's how you guys met your vcs so you know i wonder what else you you could make happen at the next solana event wherever that is Yeah, and we even got accepted as contributor with Super Team Japan. Wow. Yes. And we went there for the .hacks hackathon and Super Tokyo. Very cool events and very helpful to founders, developers. Actually, I would say. Plus, we firmed up our business model. We got verification from many successful founders already, plus coaches, plus of course Super Team Japan members. They really liked the idea and the business model and now we're taking it off. We really appreciate I really appreciate, Wake, that you conducted us. Of course. We really want to have this community engagement because we knew and we verified that Solana community is really, and Jupiter community, are really the super engaged communities. and very supportive and that's what we want actually because we are not so new in the blockchain because we are already developing Imagine I'm a forester and I am developing. I am a mountain person. And I think with Seoul, we can already expect more people getting connected from the mountains, from the forest, deep in the forest. We should invite you guys to hike the mountains in the Philippines. I would love that. Plus in Japan. That would be pretty cool. Do you think we could do an episode from up there? Would it be possible? Would we have the capability to get data or something? It'd be hard to get internet, I feel like. Maybe we could use Elon Musk's internet thing. What's it called? Some Starlink. Yes, I'm using it. Oh, you're using it. And it's holding up during a typhoon, so that's a testament to it. Yes, correct. It's I will get sued again. Sued again? The traditional internet providers here in the Philippines are not reliable, actually. And it's not only me who's saying this. Yeah. We've got a lot of Filipino friends, they say the same. Yeah. Right? So I'm very thankful with low earth object like Starlink and we are actually incorporating it. David is laughing. Yes, Starlink. I really appreciate the technology from Elon Musk. And we are at the point, sometime we were at the point in communicating with Elon Musk because we want to have some sort of partnership to be able to have a hybrid economy. smartphone that will work anywhere in the forest. Philippines is a mountainous area, mountainous country. And we receive more than 20 typhoons per year. And it's always cloudy. We have very high mountains and it's very cloudy. But Elon Musk technology still works. Yeah. Testament to it, for sure. Just be warned that every single token wants to talk to Elon Musk. Maybe you've done work with the UN. Maybe you could say, hey, I've done work with the UN. These are my credentials. Elon, hit me up. did did you get a response from elon by any chance or or or no i suppose no we haven't we haven't tried it uh we were at that point uh sometime between april and today in engaging up for it yeah yes You know what? Sometimes he picks up things on the feed, right? And I think, uh, what would be kind of cool if you guys, uh, kind of showcase how good Starling is and how it's helped you guys. Maybe, maybe he would see it on the feed and then he would actually, uh, uh, Because I've seen him actually... How it affects your project and how it makes it actually possible. Yeah, actually possible. And so, because I've seen him actually put even random people using Starlink and they're not doing huge things like you are. So I'm sure he would appreciate what you guys are up to and maybe then you can start a conversation. But that's obviously down to him. That's obviously not... yeah but that's an attempt you know that's a way you could do it making it happen for the people speaking of juice we have an important question yeah so Joe there is a question that we have Don as well who waited around for it too yeah let's get Don back up let's get him up what's he doing here Don. What's that? Whiskey? They've been juicing. I finished my juice. I had a beetroot shot that my wife made me in this nice little glass cup. So I was juicing. You're muted. Unmute yourself, please, Don. Yeah, unmute Don. There you go. I'm doing the double. So I have a water and a Scottish juice. Oh, Scottish juice. I think that's a whiskey. I like Scottish juice. Scottish juice. Balanced diet. And Joe, what juice are you drinking? How about you, Joe? What's your favourite juice? Black coffee is juice to me. Oh, black coffee. I had two of those earlier. We've had that before. We've had that before, yeah. I think Kai said something about that last time. Wake here likes to think tea is juice. Mm. This is a good question. Guests, Don and Joe. Is tea a juice? You know, like a tea? Is tea a juice? Super intelligent people right here are going to give a detailed academic breakdown of how a cup is a juice. I think when it's very young, it is a juice. When it's in Wake's cup, is it a juice or is it by that point a tea? That's depending how old it is. When it's young leaves, I think it's a juice. Yeah, it can be. So if it's not dried leaves, if it's like fresh, like that you made tea from, then you'd classify it as a juice. If it's a tea bag, that, you know, like what Wake uses, is it a juice then? If it's in a tea bag and goes into a kettle, would you say that's a juice? No, it needs to be fresh. Thank you very much. Oh, Dom, just as we were making progress. Joe, would you say Pete from a teabag is a juice or not? Yes. Yes, I do that. She's just supporting you. That's the only reason why she's saying that. I think she feels bad for you, Wade. No, because I also do that. You also do what? Tell us, tell us. I also do that. I also do pick up tea bags and then pour water and then sometimes just drink it straight or I put some ice or I put some lime. Ice tea and lime. So you're saying an ice tea is a juice is what you're saying? Yes. Yes. Yeah, all right, all right, Sax, we don't need to get... We're in a grey area there, you know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We're nearly at the two-hour mark now, so we'll leave that for another time. But thank you, guys, for coming on the show. And... Yeah, like it's been fun. It's been wonderful. I'm sure we'll be seeing you guys again at some point. And we appreciate you for waiting so long. You know, you guys waited a long time. Yeah. And you've come on and been great guests. And so we appreciate you for all your efforts. And we appreciate the 775 viewers that are watching right now. We appreciate you all. Thank you for coming out. Thank you for showing up week in, week out. There's obviously going to be a recorded summary. So if anyone's joined a little bit late, we're going to be putting that out shortly so do watch that uh if you need to catch up on the show so thank you very much um yeah any last words guys thank you thank you don thank you thanks don looking forward to speaking to both of you again on jupon juice thank you don and thank you joe any last words Okay, just to support any environmental group, of course, do your due diligence. The ones with 100% transparency mechanism are usually the real ones. Yeah. But that's an important point right there as well. Like people like to be lazy sometimes, even on the DYO, or they only do a certain amount. It's really important if you want to support the right projects in this regard that you actually fully do your own research, like to the biggest extent that you can. Yeah. You don't want to be supporting the wrong project. A lot of bad actors out there. Thank you, Joe. We'll let you go there. And we appreciate you. And we'll see you soon when you do your token launch and everything at the end of 2024. Yes, and I will bring all the cats. Thank you so much. Bring the cats with you. Thank you so much. Bye-bye. Thank you. Okay, so just before we go as well, an important message. Obviously, none of this is financial advice. Do your own research. You know, we've got guests on here and we're just platforming them. Educational, informative, and that's the extent of it. Yeah, so do your own research and if you, you know, whatever you feel best, you do what you want to do. We just juice out here. We yap and we try to entertain and we try to educate and have fun. And that's what we've done today. And our guests were great. And Wake, I don't know how you kept that mask on. I've literally thought to myself. Yeah, bro. Every five minutes, this guy's going to take this mask off. He must be taking this mask off. Who the fuck is Wake? I'm asking this. he's still wearing that damn mask so we gotta give it to him fair play Rob you kept it on the whole fucking show keep a character too never mind just keeping the mask he's holding the character we do not do halfway at Jupe and Juice that's facts non-financial advice this has been Jupe and Juice episode 27 Juice and Spook Jupe and Spook I keep getting that wrong and Spock yeah Our guests were... Happy Halloween to you too, David. ECB token. We lost CBAS very early on. The legend. ECB sold. Well, ECB and then sold. So three guests on today. Usually we only have two, but we had three on. And we've got our juices here. And I think that's... Irish, I'm going to have to pull you down so we can get... Actually, you know... Wait. Oh, he pulled himself down. But actually, you know what? Here's the juice boxes. Take a look at them. All right, right here. But can you see, can you hear me, right? Can you move slightly to the left, wait, so you're not covered by the juice boxes for the fun, all right? Guys, thank you. Thank you, everyone. Bye-bye. I'm going to pull my... All right, let's do it. Over that way. Yeah, there we go. Wait, I'll use this hand. Let's go.