Oh, ♪♪ ♪♪ Yeah. ♪♪ ♪♪ Yeah. We got. ♪♪ Conversations and alignment and change, yeah Compilations of the doves and the amazers, yeah Juke the nation, we united, we the greatest, yeah Juke, juke, juke, juke, juke, juke, juke Juke, juke, juke, juke, juke, juke, juke Juke, what's on the juke? That's exchanging truth for truth Juke, I'm the juke That's the way that we need more, yeah Juke, juke, juke, juke, juke, juke, juke Yeah. Well, well, well. Let's go! We are here live and direct with the Joop Rally in person, live from Singapore. We're talking to you all over the globe and we could not be more hyped. One, because it's the Joop Rally. Rally! Let me tell you the real reason I'm so hyped today. Can I tell you the real reason? What's up? Because, bitch, we got two cameras. And if you thought that was enough, let me tell you something, bitch. We got three cameras today, actually. We are all the way in. And you have a new handshake. Oh. Yeah, yeah. This is the kind of stuff that we do during the day. So I'll be prepared for the Joop is home. Drop a little JM in the chat if you are with us right now. I hate saying this. I fucking hate saying this, okay? Okay. The last Joop Rally was so hard for you. Oh, my whole heart. Drop a little W in the chat for me. I'll do another Joop Rally. Oh, where are the comments? This is the key. 260 of them already. My goodness. Oh, there they are. 2.30 a.m. in Australia, says Loki. Cannot miss this. That's a fact. The professional-looking setup. Nothing but the best for the Joop Rally. That is a fact. Look at all the Ws. They loved it. Boomer handshake. Meow is actually 64 years old. He has no taste, by the way. There's no taste. Yeah, there's no taste. All right. We got a bunch of stuff going off. I see that we got OG the General in the chat. Godly Corinthians. Hanko. Shaman. Shaman's there too. Hanko is there. Let's go. The hype is too real. Everyone that we love is in this chat right now. So great. We're going to have a bunch of good stuff coming for you very soon. I'll tell you what, should we just jump right into this official Jupiter rally? Let's go! It is November 8th and we are ready to roll as I figure out how we're ready to roll. Let's get the vibes right with the official Cadet theme song. Let's go! And we're going to stay on camera this time and maybe jiggle a little around a little bit. I don't know. Oh my God. Oh my God. What's your meaning, Hasty? We're in the Duke Rally now, baby. Meow. Meow. Meow. Amazing! Do you know we are in the GTA 3 club? Little known fact. Wait till you see the studio at the Jupiter offices. Anyway, that's a little bit of an inside inappropriate joke. But we are here with the Joop Rally. If you don't already know, my name is Cash Donda. I lead the Uplink Working Group, which is the group that puts on these calls, along with the Twitter page, the YouTube page, content from all around the best creators in the space. And you probably know this guy over here as well. Yeah. That's all you really need to know, folks. That's all you really need to know. Cash me out. Always on top. Well, with the Joop Rally, we're all on top, my guy. It's amazing because this is actually my favorite song ever. It's a good one. It's crazy. It is a good one. Joop Rally, an important three new cameras. That's right. I'm going to be doing way too much of that. You will be sick of it by the end of it, I assure you. All right. For anyone who does not know how these Joop rallies work, how would you describe the difference between a Joop rally and a normal planetary call? A planetary call is more focused, right? It's more focused. It's more, sorry, it's more broad, sorry. It's more broad. They cover a lot more things, cover wins, cover product. More like news oriented. Yeah, also like product, news, partners. Like it showcases a bunch of things in the thing, right? Joop rallies are different. Joop rallies is where... We talk about the community like we talk about the the we talk about things that matter the community, right? It's a very focused conversation right on things that matter the community. That's right. Yeah, this is it I think there's also a moment of like when we feel like there's something that we need to talk about right in this case the the In this case, Jupyter token, right? That's right. Jupyter, Jupytery, right? And the announcement, right? We think that when there's something that we think that the community needs to know about and talk about. So normally what happens is that we talk a lot about things, we think a lot about things. I read the forums. So in the forums, I love you. I read the Reddit, I read the Twitter. And I actually do, I look in the Discord now and then. And I read things. And here's a little known fact. Whenever you tag me on Discord, I read it. Let me tell you, I've been around me enough to know that every single notification, his phone goes right up. I mean, you can see it's on the table right here waiting for more notifications. Yeah, but here's the thing. So I think I read, I consume a lot of things, right? And the team cares deeply, right? Shuju cares deeply, Sean cares deeply, you know what I'm saying? Josh cares deeply, right? And I feel like, so it's more like, okay, and whenever we have enough of these things that come up, We talk about it. Just do it. Rally the community together. Glad to see Meow's back from his sunbathing sabbatical, as you can tell by all this color that he's got in his skin. And indeed, what we're going to do today is talk about some of the most important topics... for the community itself realign on some of the foundational kind of beliefs of the community and the things that kind of drive us together and maybe just maybe we're going to have a special announcement at the very end Reddit is great by the way I think so big shout out and stuff I think the community has done OPEX has done such a good job rallying the and also there's also a new Jupiter Reddit Twitter Right, it's great as well Yeah And anyway, it's just popping I think, it's great Yeah, I mean A lot of good stuff happening all around There are too many things that are happening So For anyone who does not know, we've mentioned the Jupyverse a little bit here. That's really what this call is also going to be about as we dive deeper into not just Jupyter, the platform where we're trying to aggregate everything, Jupyter, the token, which is aligning everything, and the JUP, which is the community that is here to grow everything. And a little spoiler alert, we're going to be talking a lot about growth today. Here is the agenda for what we're going to go through. I love that, by the way. That's a really good summary, by the way. Thank you, Josh. Thank you. He did that, by the way. The team, everybody. It's a team effort. Shout out to everybody in JUPyter. Yeah, Blake. I'm going to do this now. We'll do this 20 times for a call. The Reddit family right here. Drop a little W in the chat if you're coming to us from Reddit. I would love to see some new folks coming through over there. All right, Loki. The best thing about doing the Drew Pirelli in person is that we can talk over each other. Loki has the best tweets, by the way. Loki has the best tweets. I read his tweets and get so happy. I actually had it. We were going to showcase one of Loki's tweets where he talked about, unfortunately, got a little liquidated, was down 90%, but just the community stood by him. So shout out to Loki and everybody else that stood by him at that time. Today, what are we gonna be talking about? We're gonna be talking about what Joop stands for. This is critical kind of mental programming to get us aligned on what exactly we are trying to do here as a community. Then we're gonna talk about the Joopiverse ethos. These are the kind of key principles, the key ideas that drive us all forward, that allow us to know, you know, what makes somebody a right fit for the community or not a right fit. Not everyone has to agree with the Jupyterverse ethos, but if you don't, you're probably not going to fit in great with what we're trying to do. Then- I feel like that's such an important point. I feel like the reason why we talk about what Jupyterverse stands for and the Jupyterverse ethos and everything, right? And the reason why I spend so much fucking time doing these things, right? It's because I feel like I mean, we're in crypto, right? Done, right? And in crypto, the wonderful thing about crypto, also the scary thing about crypto, right? Is that you have unlimited ways to do things, right? And you can choose your own adventure. Right? Crypto is an extremely choose-your-own-adventure thing, right? It's a jungle, not a ladder. And I feel like what we do here, right? Is that we... we want to be very clear about what eventually we are, right? And what kind of things that we stand for, right? And we stand by, and we stand by what we do, right? And we try to be very consistent, you know, right? About how we do things, about how we present things, how we talk things, how we communicate things, right? So I feel like that's actually why, like, and you're right though, I said it's very important, right? It's like, Joop is not for everyone. Okay. How we think about Joop, how we think about the product, how we think about token, how we think about the community, it's not for everyone. Right. And so what I do here is that we want to, we want to be like, define Joop very clearly. Plant a flag to say like, Hey, if this describes you, if these are the types of values that you share, then you are going to have find a home. in the Jupyter version. - Yeah, if you think that's the way crypto is, right? If you think that the way we talk about things and we think about stuff is where you want crypto to go. - That's right. - And by the way, I mean, you can always be, it's like you can have many adventures, right? - Yeah. - With that's right, you don't always have one adventure, but this is your adventure with us. - Yeah, makes sense. There's gonna be a lot of gems dropped over the course of the call. And for the sake of the clips afterwards, Can you take this phone down and maybe drop the coffee off screen? No, I'll let my coffee. Yeah. It's going to... But the clips, I'm just thinking about clouds and MOLU and all my homies out there. They're just going to be like, let's go. AI to get rid of it. Anyway, after we go through this kind of critical mental programming, we're going to talk about two topics. Well, one that I know a lot of you are interested in. I can tell just by the chat already so far. And that is The Jubilary 2025. This is early thoughts here, folks. But in the spirit of the Jubirally, and in the spirit of Jupiter in general, communication is clear. Someone said, when long essays. I really want to get back to them. I really want to get back to long essays. There's something about long essays that really, really touched my heart. I need to get back to it. Yeah, yeah. We agree. In lieu of that right now, we're going to be talking through how Jubilee 2025 might come together. These are early thoughts subject to community feedback, and obviously it will be up for a vote in just a little while. So stick around for all the details there. We need to know what you think about it. And then at the very end of the call, we have a, I put three varies on the slide today. Hold on, hold on, hold on. I put three varies on the slide today because... Oh, you want your own camera? Here you go. We put three varies on the slide today because it is indeed a very special announcement specifically for the people watching this call. I think it's going to be... I said it's been more than a minute without me flexing the three cameras. There's going to be a very special announcement that you are definitely going to want to stick around for. If you have to go... to a meeting or something, make sure you come back because this is a very fun one. It's something for the community, powered by the community, and you're not going to want to miss it. I'll tell you that right now. So with that said-- Can we have equal size camera and-- --equal size and camera and this? We can do-- let's see what we can do. As we do this live, as always, we can do, I think we can make it bigger or smaller. We don't have equal size right now. Then the previous one. Do you want to do like this one or this one? We can switch it up as we go through. Ah, says Zayden. He's right. That is how we're all kind of feeling right now. So let's start off with what Joop stands for. In here are a few ideas that I think are critical to what Joop is all about. Let's just start with the first one here. Joop stands for growth. Now talk a little bit about what this means. What kind of growth are we talking for? Growth for who? Growth of what? I mean, Jupyter started as a very simple thing, right? We started by growing Solana. Seriously, right? I think Jupyter really started by saying, how do we build the best product possible? How do we really focus on reviving the community? How do we focus on being the best face for Solana ever? So I think it stands for growing Solana, right? And it's also stands for growing, and as we go along, it's also stands for growing crypto, right? I think because we actually believe that I mean, we're definitely headed down to a world where crypto is going to be like either top of mind or bottom of the pipes, right? For everyone in the world. And it's going to just give a million chains, a billion people on the chain and also trillion tokens, right? So the question is that how do we grow crypto in a way that it really has a positive impact, right? How do we power that growth, right? Just like how we were part of the sauna growth, right? Right. Can be part of the crypto growth Right? Does that make sense? Increase the entire market for everything Yeah, for sure, right? Now And similarly, right? Like Culture Can we grow a certain like Culture we want? You know, because guys Okay, here's the funny thing, right? We always talk about Accelerate, right? But Accelerate does what? Right? Think about it, guys. Think about it. It's actually a very important point. We talk about acceleration. We talk about decentralizing everything. But do us what? Add, right? Do we decelerate and decentralize towards a PVP? IQ each other? It's all about... But it doesn't make sense. That's like accelerating a car into a brick wall. Yeah, exactly. You can accelerate towards a cliff, right? Yeah. I feel like if we don't have the right ethos and the right way to think about the world and how we want to be and how we want decentralized technology to be, how we want the American culture to be, then what happens is we will accelerate towards a cliff. So for me, it's about growing. So anyway, in summary, I think we started by growing SWANA and we want to grow crypto. But the fundamentally fundamentally fundamentally right I think we want to grow the culture we want and that's why talking about PPP right like transparency CAT right and constant communication and also that's so important you know what I'm saying what do you think bro I think it's critical. I think that like when you look, where does growth really come from? Right. Obviously, it comes from having products that create real value for real people in the real world. Obviously, it comes from being able to align people to move in the right direction. But I think like fundamentally what has powered Juke's growth so far and what will be the foundation of Juke's growth going forward is this combination of energy and ideas. I think it's those two kind of like key components. You need the energy of the community, which you can look at the chat right now. Give me a little W if you're feeling energized by this talk right now in this Joop rally. This passion of people who actually want to change the world for the better on the one hand, but currently you need the right ideas, as we say, right? Like the ideas are really the kind of guiding force to make sure that you can push things in the right direction because not all growth is good growth, right? That is the kind of important piece to understand here. Yeah, the Ws are flowing and we need to be showing those even faster. When you put energy together with high caliber ideas, that's where the growth really gets unlocked. And so there's clear ideas on what Solana should be like. It should be easy to use. It should have a seamless UX. It should have things like auto mode that take away and abstract complexity away from everyday users. You think about what crypto should have. What are the kind of the ideas that we need to have there? Well, we need to be connecting more people. We need to be providing liquidity everywhere so that anything can flourish. We need to be bringing more assets on chain everywhere. and build this giant universal market in order to really change the face of finance. And then you think about culture, and I think the key idea there is really PPP, along with a few others that we'll talk about in a bit. And you put energy behind each of those, I think that's where the real growth comes. And so that's what I love to see across Jupiter is this level of growth. Yeah, that's cool. Yeah, that's cool. So that's the first thing that Jupiter stands for, as I can like sneak under to make sure I'm on my mouse in the right place. The second thing that Joop stands for is experimentation. Now, this is a word that we say all the time on the planetary calls and in the Joop rallies. Talk a little bit about experimentation and how that's been critical so far. to what Jupyter is? - I think experimentation is key to our culture, right? I think we experiment with a lot of things. I think, you know, we have a community site with ASR, with ASR, with ASR, we have like decentralized groups. - Yep. - You know, we are running, we're gonna run a pretty big DAO experiment. Probably the biggest- - One of the biggest ever, yes. - Yeah, that was the biggest DAO experiment. I mean, Jupyter itself is an experiment, right, to go with and stuff. And then we are definitely, in the coming, In the coming year, you're going to see a lot, a lot, a lot of platform experiments. Yeah, yeah. I intend to really push a ton of experiments. Yeah. I think for me, you think about... Where does growth come from? It also comes from like you have to experiment your way towards greatness. There are some teams or some protocols. There's an essay that I love called The Dunn Manifesto. And really what it talks about is how like the perfect is the enemy of the done. In order to get things done and actually start to move things forward, you have to take little bets and experiment in public fearlessly. Now, this comes at a cost, right? Because when you're experimenting, things don't always work. And we've seen that at times, you know, with Jupiter things or experiments that we run, not everything has worked right away. Some things have taken a little while to get there, but, if you have the kind of courage to try this experimentation, to push boundaries in new ways, I think you get things like the decentralized work groups, which are now being copied by many other DAOs and communities out there. Touching Grass says, never be afraid of experimenting. Always be learning is another way to put this, right? ABL, always be learning. Not the only one that can come up with an acronym over here. And I think that experiment, like if you are a fan of growth and if you are a fan of experimentation, then that is really what JUPE stands for. Mm-hmm. How do you deal with it when experiments go awry? Because everyone wants to talk about experimenting and so on, but people only really want to put out perfect things into the world. I feel like the thing here is that it's actually very important to... before you experiment, I think you have to have the very clear expectation that you might not win. You know, it might not always be good, right? You know, you might fail, right? But I had a really, really important thing earlier, actually. It was like, I think my side is this, right? Um, Like, you can't control when you fail, right? But failing is only, like, failing is not failing. Failing is not losing. Failing is only losing if you don't get up. Right? So you can't always control when you fail, but you can always control if you lose. You know what I'm saying? So for us, I think that's the main thing. Yeah. Yeah. It's only really a failure if you give up or don't learn something, I think. Yeah. at the bottom of the day. So, Joop stands for growth. Joop stands for experimentation. OG says collect the lessons, not L's. That's a nice little line as well. The community out here at Joop, they've got some bangers, man. Failing is when you stop trying, says Miria, what other folks say. Failure is the foundation upon which success can be built, says Katoshi. Also, a a fact. Most experiments can end up failing, but we always learn something in the end that is the right way to go. Scarlett says, experimenting is twice as valuable when done as a community with everyone involved. That's a huge one. Huge one. Thank you. As usual, Scarlett. Fucking crushing it. I love you. Thank you so much. Guys, this is actually a very big point, right? It's about experimentation as a community, right? Guys, this is so great, by the way. I think... No, no, it's so good. Thank you, Scarlett. Thank you so much. Thank you. Yeah, I think it's actually really important because we really want to actually experiment together, right? Mm-hmm. you know right it's so much more fun to experiment together i think um i think what you get is this kind of compound learning curve right where like if you're learning by yourself it ends up you you know you learn one thing you learn two things but if we're able to learn collectively and this is where the building in public and working in public becomes so essential right and being transparent about the things that are happening i mean one of the one of the things that one of the things actually i really find really super interesting right it's the double thing right yeah it's like whenever double happens that i think that it's actually really amazing because like like everyone say something right that every like when when the jupiter vote happens stuff everyone every controversial right everyone on twitter something to say right and it's actually pretty cool in sense that i go and then everyone debates everyone learns i learn a lot too right guys for example right one i mean i'll talk later on but one of the big reason right why we do the jupiter as a vote this year right is that when you have to present an idea to the community right you are bound to actually learn way more, right? And everyone learns way more. And it's actually so important, right? And then same thing at decentralized work groups, right? Now, it will be one thing to say, to keep the, for example, you know, we allocated a big sum of capital, right? For the community, right? Now, if we, it would be very, very easy for us to keep that in-house and just hire people, right? But guys, would we, if we had the work groups, if we had higher teams of work groups and stuff, of, of the say higher media team or whatever would we learn together answer is no no we wouldn't would you guys think about it would the community think about it would the community vote for people would they learn about who's behind the thing they wouldn't they You see what I'm saying? That's amazing, right? We're literally experimenting with the future of work together, guys. Yeah. Seriously. So great. So we are focusing on the decentralized. We are experimenting together, right? Yeah. We are experimenting the future of decentralized work. We are experimenting with the center of community. We are focusing on decentralized money, right? So great. Yeah, seriously. I think if you want to treat learning as a multiplayer game, then experimenting in the Joop community is the best way to do it. Oh, Oh, yeah. For example, if you want to get tested in the arena of fire, then try the group. That's right. That is right. Ace Data said, did I just hear Jubilary has a vote this year? Stay tuned. Give us about, well, 15 minutes, possibly an hour and a half. I don't know what these calls are. Sometimes they can go a bit long. And we will be talking very explicitly about some early thoughts on what Jubilary is going to be. So don't worry. We're going to get to that in just a little bit. So what does Joop stand for? It stands for growth. What does Joop stand for? It stands for experimentation. And the final piece here of the pie is Joop stands for change. What kind of change does Joop stand for, Miao? I feel like this is actually crucial for us, right? I'm going to have to put you on your own camera here. I feel like I feel like there are a lot of things. Okay, guys, it's actually funny because I feel like the way we go about the whole thing, right? We go like, hey, what are some things that we think are prevailing things, right? In the broader crypto or the world culture, right? That will change. Does that make sense? So for them, we go like, okay, like for them, I think one of the things that is very prevalent is that it's the PVP culture, right? Whereby I think, whereby we have this thing where like the default mindset of someone that come to crypto is that, okay, I'm here to get dumped on, I'm gonna dump others, right? Versus like, hey, let's grow something together. Let's grow a garden together, right? By the way, guys, I'm not against what I would do, right? It's part of the game. But what I'm saying is that what I want to do Right? What I think we want to do, right? I think for us, I think we have a really PPP team. Yeah. I'm not joking, right? It's an extremely PPP team, right? Like we care for each other, we love each other, and then we really operate in a way that I want to win, right? And same thing, right? It's like we want the community to win, We want the community to want each other to win. And then that, we don't want a situation where we set up a situation where one group of the users or one group of the people are fighting each other. And it's all the time in crypto. So I think what's actually really important here is to actually create a culture that we want. And then another example of change for example, it's like, We don't think, we think there's actually a lot of like shenanigans that teams run about tokens. Yeah. Right. Oh boy. I mean, they, I mean, we, we see all those things that they do. Right. And then, and then honestly for us, we had all the chances we had to do a lot of shenanigans too. Right. But I, I can say that we didn't do that. In fact, we did the opposite, right? We ran the transparency audit. Every Joop accounted for since the initial mint. Every Joop accounted for since the initial mint, right? Why do you do that, right? Honestly, doing that was like, it really eliminated chances, right? For us to just secretly dump. Yeah. I'm thinking, all right, but why do you do that? Also, why do you do a CEF? We do all these things because we want to show that, hey, this is the way it can be. This is the way it can be. We can actually do things in a way that people trust the team. You see what I'm saying? We can actually do it in a way that the team is aligned. And I'm personally aligned. So I feel like that's the main thing. I think we need to, I think we as a community, we as a team, we as a community need to go like, oh, need to go like, hey, you know what? Let's think of the world we want to see, right? And just go for it, you know? That, that, that, and that's the courage that I want us to have. Yeah. I want to be honest, bro. I want myself to have that courage, right? Because I think I was just hanging in last, last, last rally, right? It's like, sometimes you do things that you think is very important but no one you don't really see the um the you don't really see the impact right away and if we're very discouraged yeah you know but i think uh that it's actually but i think sticking to my guns and sticking to our guns and going like hey you know what we stick to it it might always help me to pay off but we'll get through it i I feel like that's actually an event you don't see yet. - As we're going through this right now, it's kind of occurring to me the way in which courage actually underlines all three of these key things that Jupiter stands for. It is like the courage to take the big swing, to have the ambition, to be able to grow. There's the courage to experiment knowing that you might fail when the experiment goes out there and you might look a little bit foolish. And then there's the courage to kind of stand up for what you believe in, even when it is not cool and even when it is not the easy way. The easiest thing in crypto, as anybody who's been here for a little bit knows, is to be shady, go buy a yacht, fuck off, and never see anybody again, right? You see these kind of like anon projects. Not that there's anything wrong with anon projects necessarily, but you see a lot of folks who will launch an anon project and then just take the money and run, right? Or you see people who are just players in the space who are looking to exploit others, And I think if we want to change the perception of crypto as a whole, if we're trying to reach out to the next billion people, we cannot go forward with the culture of the past. We need to shift the culture to something that is more friendly. That is a really, really, really great way to think about it, right? It's like, if we want to... If we want to... If we want to bring on the next billion people into participating. Not just getting exploited and dumped on. Not even... It's funny. Someone says hearing me talk English is frustrating. Can you showcase that tweet? That message? Daikon Frost. The guy that says that hearing me talk English is frustrating can't spell English. That's so funny. I love you. I love you, Daikon Frost. But even to insult my English... Spell English properly. I feel like that's actually a really, really great mental model, right? Okay, what kind of ethos will actually, you know, what kind of ethos will, like, attract, you know, those people? Yeah. The next billion. Yeah, that's a great mental model, bro. Yeah. I think it's the only way that we start to do this here. So, what does Joop stand for? Hopefully, it is clear to everybody right now. Joop stands for... Joop stands for meow as well. No, no, this isn't me. It's the chat. Joop stands for growth. Joop stands for experimentation. Joop stands for change. If these are the kinds of values, if these are the kinds of things that get you excited, my friends, you are in the right place. If these are the kinds of things that you find to be irrelevant or not to your interests or, you know, just not the things that matter to you, then hey, God bless. We wish you nothing but the best in the world. But these are things that this community is about very clearly and formally. I love that. Guys, we have to meme this. E-B-G-A-B-G. English. Hey, hey, hey. Can you just highlight all those E-B-G-A-B-G? Now he's got a master's in English. English, yeah. It's great, by the way. It's great English. Yeah, there you go. There you go. Yes, yes. That's our deal. No, that's not financial advice. That's not financial advice. But you probably, we get a little bit excited over here, but we try not to pump. We joke it's if we can go experimentations and change and the courage to see it all through. All right. With that, let's go over to. Yeah. I love it. Let's go. No, I'm going to change my profile. Let's go, yeah. To what? English? Professor of English? Professional. Professor of English. Yeah, let's go. All right. People love the English. Shout out to Frost for creating a new meme for the community. Iblish. Iblish? I don't know how to say it. I got a problem. Somebody... E-B-E... E-B-G-L-L. Fuck, I can't spell. I can't spell either. I need to go back to school for some better English. I'll do my profile. All right, let's go. Thanks, guys. Let's go. This is why we love the Jubralis. The energy is always too good. People are too excited in the chat. Me and me are getting a little bit too excited over here in the studio. Let's keep on moving, though. So... let me go to this camera while meow finishes up his twitter we're going to go now to the jupiverse ethos here so those are some of the things that we talked about that jupe stands for right with any token project right all coins are meme coins as we like to say around here it's important to have the kind of key values that uh what uh that it's important to understand explicitly what are the values that this meme stands for? Those are the values that this meme stands for. What we want to talk about now is some of the Joopiverse ethos and how we act. So if the Joop, what Joop stands for is kind of like the what, this is kind of the how. This is how we treat each other. This is how we trade. How. This is how we talk. This is how we talk. Our language. English. I live for 15 minutes. What if I come back too long? All right. I wouldn't claim English. My English is good as well. Okay. So the first kind of key idea to talk about in the Jupyterverse ethos is PPP. Now, for anyone who does not know, this is in contrast to PVP, which is player versus player, which is the way that crypto traditionally works. It's very zero-sum game oriented, right? It is me versus you. And in order for me to win, you have to lose. How is PPP, player pumps player, different at a fundamental level? Oh, I feel like if a community, like honestly, guys, if you have been at a bit early, I think the best communities, whether it is, how do I put it? they all grow from like a tribe of people, right? Really caring about each other and wanting each other to win. You know, I feel like this is beautiful. I feel like when a tribe of people come together and want each other to win and help each other win and practically actively do, um, do things to help each other win, right? Things, good, great things happen. It might not always, it might not always, um, it might not always be fast, but it's real, right? I mean, honestly, guys, I feel like I have a really PPP relationship with this guy. You know what I'm saying? Seriously, I feel like when you have a PPP relationship, I think that's actually where great things happen. It's a garden, right? PPP is a garden, right? It's like, PPP is... Okay, guys, I got it. Okay, let's go. All right. So PPP is the ethos that grows gardens, that turns a desert into a forest, that turns a scrap piece of matter lying around into a really beautiful sculpture. Right? So I think that is what PPE is to me. You know? So can we, again, it's not easy, right? Like, you know, it's like, it's very, very easy to kind of like, it's very, very easy to spot a plant, grab it and run away with it. Yeah. Right? But it's much harder to work together to make the plant into a forest. That's right. Right? It's much easier to kind of kill someone and take the money. Right? Take the money, right? But it's much harder to like, hey, give some, give him some of your money, put the money together to build something. Yeah. Yeah. Right. So that's actually one, one, one is actually really, really, really important. I think, I think, I think it's that, I think, I think that's how I think crypto needs to be, you know? Yeah. Right. Yeah. I think it's a, if you're a new person, right. Coming in. Right. What do you, what do you prefer to come into? Right. Do you prefer to come into a PVP community or PVP one? Yeah. Right. And I feel like, and that's actually where I want, um, um, our discord and our Twitter and all these things to be in, right. For someone to cut, or ready to be to come into our community and feel safe. That's the main thing. I think it's a... it requires a bit of a shift in kind of perspective for a lot of folks right where oftentimes what you think of is like oh it is in my self-interest to kind of grab the money and run uh but it is in your enlightened self-interest to ensure that the game can continue to be played there's a great book by james carr is called finite and infinite games finite games have an end point but the best games to play in life are infinite games that are able to continue onwards and onwards And when you think about PPP communities, the reason this has caught fire so much, I think, because you see so many other meme coin communities, other project communities talking about it, people dropping PPP in the chat constantly. It's really just become, it's kind of taken over partially, I I think, because it's so refreshing to hear somebody say the quiet part out loud. They're like, hey, we can actually be nice to each other and win bigger when we win together rather than trying to win only on our own. And if crypto at its core is about better ways of organizing and collecting people and aligning incentives, if in crypto we can't make PPP work, then what are we even really doing here? Okay, so somebody decrypt this, right? But Crypto is fundamentally PPP. Here's the reason. Because crypto is about creating new money together. And you can only create sustainable new money together if you come together and make the money grow. Because you're creating new money. You are not fighting over a fixed pool of money someone else created. Let's say again, very important to understand. Crypto is about creating new money together. That's a key thing. It's not about fighting over fixed pool money. And that's the reason why crypto is fundamentally PPP. - That's it. - It's a pro-social. - Yeah, because I see. - It requires. - Crypto is very, very pro-social, right? - Yeah. - Juke itself, like Juke is a great example, right? Now we as team work really hard along the user stuff, right? We to create something, right? And then because of that, we were able to have a chance to actually come together to create a symbol, right? That ready to commit all this. - I'm at the wrong hand. All right, here we go. Take three. No, I mean, we, we, we, no, seriously. It's like, we created a situation, right? That, uh, that we can't make it happen. Yeah. That's the main thing. Somebody said, Joop is a PPP cult, Ace Data said. I think there's an interesting way. Listen, I'm not a Christian. I'm not a particularly religious man myself. But I do think it's interesting to know that this is foundational to all religions that last the test of time. You are there to help uplift other people in the community. Because again, when we win together, we win bigger than any of us can win individually. And I'd love to see this kind of thing happen. Big time, big time. It's really important to understand that, right? It's like, I mean, it doesn't actually have to be juke. It doesn't have to be juke. Seriously. But believe in something, right? I think the whole thing about it is that I think... So the next juke experiment should be fixing that fist bump. Yeah, for sure, right? It's late, dude. It's like midnight over here. Come on, you're weak. It's also a fact. I'm not also not drinking coffee. Coffee. There you go. Guys, it's midnight. Drink coffee, you know, whatever. Let's go. Yeah, coffee and some other stuff. Anyway. Yeah, but anyway, so I think, yeah, I think, yeah, but that's the point, right? So I think we... we really create something so much better when we actually work together on stuff that's it you know yeah that's the way it goes um and let it be known as well i think this is an important thing ppp is the best kind of mind virus it's the kind of my environment that if we can spread to other communities as well we'll be doing a service to everyone this goes back to your life in your life and your life as well exactly it's not just about doing it bpp within the confines of the the Jupiter Discord or the Reddit or whatever else. It is finding opportunities to be PPP in your entire life. - Every single success I have, and we are very, very early, right? - Yeah. - It's because we have a really PPP team. - I think that you see this actually even in the way that the product was developed, the way that fees happen here. There are many opportunities. for Jupiter to take far larger fees. Let's say with the Jupiter APIs, right? Hundreds of millions of dollars have been earned by others. One way to do it is to be very extractive and to kind of like, hey, say any margin that you have is my margin as well. Or you can make it small enough such that other people are able to actually grow wildly and you can support them on that journey. pvp is mindful not we should do a full essay on this yeah yeah yeah next up in the jupiter ethos right so this is the first part of the jupiter ethos this is the how we kind of get jupe and what it stands for out into the world the second piece is cat which is an acronym that stands for certainty alignment and transparency there's also an acronym by the way that meow swears he did not come up with intentionally as cat it just happened to be cat but But may I talk a little bit about the importance of CAT and how that affects the way that the Jupyter community operates? I think, I mean, people think that we did the 30%. So for example, we did a 30% token burn. Just for anyone who doesn't know, there was a vote that was passed to burn 30% of the total token supply. And we have news on that very soon. Stay until the end for that. You're going to very much want to hear that. I promise you right now. Stay until the end and start to know when the burn is going to happen. And how it's going to happen. Because it's spicy. Yeah, we're going to talk about that. Finally. Right. But then it's about, it's about, and then there are things also, we also did transparency audit, right? Yep. Yep. And so it's actually, but here's the thing, right? I think, and we also, we also committed to making sure that we are, that I personally, right? It's online. Yeah. The community, right? That if we say, if I say that it's long-term game, I will do my, all my best to make a long-term game, right? That, that, that means I think about, right? If I, if I say it's long-term game, But I, you know, I do a lot, I do things right. And this doesn't make sense, right? But I feel like, and so I feel like what's actually really important here is that we actually, and standing for the 30% burn, right? It's not to burn, it's not to pump the price, right? It's actually create a situation where there's more certainty, you know, over the emissions. And why do we do the vote, right? What do you do to bring the vote, right? Because we also want the community, right, to actually have a sense, right, of like control over the emissions, right? Because this thing belongs to all of us. Yeah, for sure. It does not just belong to the team. Yeah, for sure. That's the thing, right? I think doing the tripartite as a vote, right, gives the community a sense of control over it. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, that's it. And yeah, that's actually important. - So the more we can drive the CAT ethos in the community, both in the way that the team interacts with the community, but also the way the community interacts with itself through the data working groups, through the grant proposals, through the true research forums, the better it is, I think, for us all. The more trust gets built. And trust is really the foundation for any successful community. If you do not trust each other, great things cannot happen. We are driving the ship together, says Tony doing crypto. A sense of contribution, that's right. And Bella, hello. Thanks for all the great content. Can both of them laugh at the same time again? Nah, fuck off. All right, I'll only do one. I think Wilson said something funny in the chat. We missed it, but the rest of the chat seemed to enjoy it. All right, that is C-A-T, certainty, alignment, and transparency. Let's talk about the last piece of the operating ethos, a relatively newer one. But I think one that's going to be critical to defining the future of what happens within Jupiter. Yes. Talk about the ecosystem of founders idea and why this is important. I, I, I, bro, I'm telling you, man, it's like, this might be your most important idea recently, if I'm being honest. Yeah, no, no, that, that, that, that definitely, definitely, definitely. Right. I think, um, Like what actually has inspired me greatly, right? It's like in the Uplink Group, you have OG, you have Clouds, you know, who are really kind of like exhibiting or really exhibiting the founder energy, right? They take it on themselves to go, hey, how do we really create a really PPP environment, right? With other people. And Clouds like driving, like Clouds doing, you know, content, like content sessions, OG organizing, right? And Street supporting everyone. And then the and the cadet working group and stuff like really taking it upon themselves to bear all the community mission to really help each other and I feel like and also just many managers and just so every single work group right? It's demonstrating founder energy. Yeah. Founder is not... And I can't say, I talk about it here, but like, you know, like the Treader thing, right? And that's like, for example, Treader and like Fabino and stuff started a university. Yeah. Right? I'm saying, you know, right. I mean, guys, that's founder energy, man. It's great. Guys, this is the car for the energy, right? That is going to drive everything, you know? I would say that being a founder is not a title. It is a state of mind. It is a way in which you approach the problems that you're solving where you say that I am here to turn the temperature up. Yes, yes, yes. There's a great line that Toby Lutke has that companies by default or communities by default are at room temperature. And the founder's job is to increase the temperature, to act like the thermostat. And And the truth is you can do this in all parts of your life. You can be you can have that founder energy in everything that you're doing, whether that's creating content, whether that's onboarding new people to Jupiter, whether that's participating in a work group or something else. And really what most of the pipelines of the DAO have been set up to do, whether it's the Uplink Working Group's grant program, the CWG's grant program, or the way that these calls and we bring people on to talk during them, it's all in service of the same mission. identify and activate that founder energy in everybody that is a piece of this. Yes, accurate. I think that's actually the reason why we think it's so important to elevate it into our operating ethos, is that I feel like some people care so much about DAO, the DAO founders. It's amazing by the way. Some people care so much about the community, that they are community founders. And it's great for me to see that. And I think it's an operating ethos because we are going to make it a point to really support people who actually exhibit the founding energy. And we've seen that by the way, we've seen a lot of people like Mulu and stuff just started exhibiting the energy. And then we helping them become work remember. And things like that. - Yeah, everyone, everyone. Too many of them, too many of them. Because here's the thing, I think crypto is a very networked community. It's actually really important to be able to showcase your work. and rally people. And I think we want to help people do that. That's all. And so, and guys, in the next few years, we, again, we want to turn the Jupyverse into the universe. Right? The Jupyverse is... Turn the universe into the Jupyverse. Sorry, sorry. Yeah. We want to turn the universe into the Jupyverse. Right? And... Okay, the universe is expanding, you guys know right? Basic Cosmo facts right? The universe is expanding due to Cosmo energy, right? And then the Jupiter-verse, the Jupiter-verse will expand, right? Due to Founder energy, right? Founder energy is the energy, right? That will turn the universe into the Jupiter-verse. And we need to harness and grow that. So that's our key focus. I think that most everything that you see across the DAO in particular is there to empower you to exhibit that founder energy and to start to turn that universe. And we can do that a lot more. I think all the groups, all the members and stuff can really, really, really, really help to do that. That's right. That's it, yeah. All right. Those are the three key pieces of the Jubilverse ethos. Once again, those are... Acting PPP in a way that we're trying to win it together so we can win bigger. It is all about CAT, certainty, alignment, and transparency so that we can build the trust necessary to work effectively as a community. And the ecosystem of founders where we activate that founder energy where people bring in their all, pushing the pace, and ensuring that what needs to be done gets done. Without these things, it's going to be impossible to build the growth, the experimentation, and the change that we all want to see in the world together. I know this has taken a little bit of a while. There's been some comments of, hey, get to the announcements and whatever else. But folks, this is critical, right? If this does not appeal to you, if you don't have like, you know, the hairs on the back of your neck starting to tingle a little bit, A, you got to rewatch this because I think there's some damn, there's some banger gems in this actually. We did not script this out or really practice it in advance, but this is one of our better sessions. I got to say, we're on a little bit of a roll. Yeah. Yeah, but not me. I'm oftentimes not. Yeah, yeah, you are not. A little bit odd. One thing about things that I think when I first started working in cash, cash tends to want to script things, structure things, prepare things, right? Structure more so than script. Yeah, yeah, for sure. Structure things, right? I think one of the things that I I really worked with him to do, right? Instead to be more comfortable, right? But don't get me wrong, I adjusted to his need for presentation too. It was a medium. It was a medium. So I, I think I, I structured stuff more and he was willing to loosen now. Yeah. And I think that what was really important is to, I think, um, But it's really cool when I think about it, right? It's like we come up with like key operating ethos, right? We come up with like the key ideas that we stand for, right? I think those are very important. I think so as well. And again, I think what's so cool about these is they apply. The wait was worth the time. No, no, no. There was another comment. Wait, what was it? Oh, you get it. It's got some, uh, it's so funny. Please, please, please show that. Please show that. It's hilarious. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, uh, the good balance indeed. This is, I think, important kind of stuff for everyone to be knowing. And again, take this into your personal life. I would love to see, just by the way. You know what? Jared, are you not Jared Drum or are you Jared Drum? He's not Jared Dunn, that's for sure. Is that not obvious? I love the guy, man. I love the guy. I love stacks, yeah. Joseph says the best session so far. That's what we'd love to see. It's the only downside of PvP is that it does get a little crazy. Is not Jared Dunn a stack? Oh, shit. Stack Overflow, my guy. It's good to see you. It's been a little bit, my friend. He's Jared Dunn, fuck you. He's Jared Dunn. I think that was, well, there's a whole other story people can dive into stacks back then. It's been a wild journey indeed. All right. With this said, should we start to talk about the next big thing? Let's go. Let's go. Let's get the energy up a little bit. Let's get stretched because now we are getting into announcement mode, folks. And the time has come for Jubilee 2025 Earthquake. Early thoughts, early thoughts. I cannot stress this enough. This is not a final plan. There will be a draft proposal that comes up with your feedback, but we want to get onto this call and initially start to talk about some of the ways that the team is thinking about jupy. 2025 for anyone who does not know what this is. I mean, Can you briefly describe? It's fine. Let's go. It's fine. You don't know. It's fine. This is for people who know. Let's go. Okay. Sorry if you don't know. Sorry if you don't know, but it's for people who know. I'm serious. This is for people who know. Okay? Yeah. This section is for people who know. Okay? If you don't know, go to Scarlett's on Twitter. That's a really, really great... Scarlett did a great thread. Yeah. I cannot describe jubilee. in a farming session. You really have to study it and ask around. Okay, cool, that's it. All right, done. But let's go on. So I think Jupyter is obviously a thing of great, I mean, there's actually a lot of capital at stake. I mean, sometimes it blows my mind to think about how much capital that is at stake. - The Jupe token airdrop in the last Jupyter area now is-- - No, no, no, that's not happening. But I think there's a lot at stake, right? And I think because of that, I think there's actually a very big debate over that stuff, right? Some people are going like, hey, you know what? A lot of people are worried that it will cause harm to the community, right? Some will be like, okay, when do you do this thing, right? And I think it's also in this, but one thing that I want to say is this, right? Jupilery is about growing the pie. And what we're going to do is that we must be very, very careful. Sensei said this very well. Sensei was like, "Hey, Miao." He DM me. I love you, Sensei. That's PPP culture. He DM me. He was like, "Miao, I'm looking at how other projects went. I'm really worried that if we actually do this thing, it will tear the community apart." he gave me that right as in doing jupiter or putting it up for a vote uh jubilee right the the or the whatever right the whole process right so this is a test right it's a test it's a test if um we will actually um come out of either the vote or the or the whole event stronger or weaker, right? I'm not gonna be here and be like, I'm not gonna go like, hey, it's gonna be great. I'm not gonna do that. - It's the experimentation mindset. - But I'll be like, I'm gonna try my best, all right? And I hope that everyone will try their best. There's going to be a lot of extremely loud, sounds here, a lot of arguments here, but fundamentally, my operating principle here, right, is that, guys, this is very important, okay? My operating principle here is that I really try really, really hard to understand what everyone thinks, okay? And my main request here is that everyone should also understand what other people think, okay? That's how we win. Get all this, okay? If we are going to just stand by our own mindset and and keep and continue to fight for our own mindset or what benefits us the most, we're gonna die. Alright guys, I'll say it again. We will need the majority of people to understand each other and not selfishly push for their own benefit. We have to push for each other's benefit. Done. That's it. So why is it a vote? It's a great question. Why is this a vote? I will say in nine times out of 10, it would not be a vote. It would be just a decision made by the team at a random point. So why put this up for the DAO vote? Because alignment. Because what I learned is because I learned that... From the first six months of operating in the... I grew very comfortable, right? Like, over the CWG vote, over the CWG vote, over the... Like, no... "Hey, Xu Zhengyi, don't show tweets like this. No, no, done. Just keep it. Don't be biased. No, no, no bias. No." There are some very, very, very big concerns that other people have, right? And I want to make sure that I actually have a... I want to make sure that I actually address this properly, okay? Again, for everyone who is... Again, I say this, right? Jupyter is a gift. And if it happens this time, it was a gift the first year. And if it happens again, it's a gift from the community to the users. That's the key idea here. But okay, back to wine. Why is it a vote? And by the way, do not actually insult anyone who doesn't agree with you. Right now, what's happening right now is actually a lot of insulting going on. If you are doing one thing, insult the other thing. Is that an insult to the other thing? It's actually really, really bad. That's the kind of thing that will tear the community apart. I'm not gonna do that stuff. Okay? I'm going to actually treat every single opinion and every single thing with a lot of respect. And that's how we need to do it. You see what I'm saying? Now, that's it. Why is it a vote? It's a vote because I think, number one, it does come from the number one, firstly, is that from the first six months of operating the DAO, right? And seeing the kind of arguments, the kind of debate from the CWG, from the trial working groups. I mean, people were freaked out by the debate, like, oh, Fagi is terrible, blah, blah, blah. I disagreed, by the way, right? I was like, it's actually really good. Like, it was actually really, really great that we are fighting or understanding. Because people care. People care. And then, and then I think I actually understood a lot more. Right. Sri, I think you can actually showcase tweets or messages around like the ethos. Yeah. You know, yeah. But, but, but yeah, things like that. Yeah. I know that I said, I think just, just don't take sides. Okay. Yeah. Don't take sides. You know? Yeah. But just, yeah. Yeah. Awesome. But that's the first thing, right? I think I got comfortable with all the different, I think I got comfortable with all different like debates and a lot of the things that, yeah, these are great things, right? Like go for that. Yeah. I think, and also the other thing is actually really important here. Sorry, I got really comfortable with that. First thing, right? About like the idea of growing, via argument. Yeah. I think you want small T tension in these kinds of conversations because the thing that kills a community or kills a DAO in particular is apathy. When people are just like, my voice doesn't matter. It doesn't matter what I say. I'm not going to be able to change anyone's mind. If people start to get so close-minded that people feel that it's pointless to share their opinions, that is the real death knell. So the second we have 100% approval of anything, that's when I start to get nervous. I feel much better when there is this kind of tension. Small T tension, though, right? It's actually really interesting, right? I mean, one of the things that actually a lot of people don't understand is that, like, I mean, there's a reason why America is a resident, right? I think you can see like, it's actually very, very resilient, right? Like, you know, when you have a, in other countries, like, like, When people always say, "Ah, America is failing because there's so much fighting, blah, blah, blah." So it's so divided. I think the ability to actually be divided, but still come out together is the key to resiliency. That's actually critical. But I think that's the first reason. The first reason is that I grew confident that by putting it as a vote, is the way to go. Yeah. Right? Because it will get everyone to be able to talk about it. You see what I'm saying? So by putting on a vote, everyone will talk about it and you'll fight about it and will think about it. And that's what we need to do. Okay? It's going to be uncomfortable, it's going to be tricky, but we do it. You know? Right? But because there's no other way to make sure that everyone has a voice. No other way. Right? No. So that's the reason it's a vote. It's such a big topic. It's such a big topic and... It's such a big topic. That's it. I think everyone should have a voice. Make sense? Now, the second reason why there's a vote is because I genuinely think that like Given that it's something that does affect people, it does actually directly affect token holders. And it's my belief that we can structure it in a way that grows up high. But then again, by putting it in a word, it's my job to convince the holders that we can do it in a way that grows up high. If it's not a vote, I don't have the same kind of like, it's brutal by the way, it's fucking brutal right? This job is fucking brutal right? Trying to convince the community that a large distribution will benefit them, it's not easy. But I think that if it wasn't a vote, I would be much lazier. It forces a level of intellectual rigor. And let's take every scenario into play. Let's take every negative argument into play or every counter argument, I should say, not even negative argument. And let's take them in good faith. Yes. And let's try to build the strongest, most comprehensive case. And I think quite frankly, it's only when you hear some of the disagreements that you're able to design it in ways that accommodate. Because some of the disagreements might be well-founded. And if you don't ever hear any criticism, then you just design it one way. But our idea is always going to be stronger than my idea. It's a fundamental thing of community, I believe. And so this is where the vote becomes so important. Yes, actually. And lastly, the reason to vote is because I think it does come from the community treasury. That's great. The community comes from a shared resource. So under the 50-50 rule, the team has managers 50% and a community manager 50%. So tokens that are going to be released, so the goal has always been the same. For tokens that are going to be released from the community pool, there should be a vote attached to it. And we are going to do, as the DAO grows more robust over a number of years and stuff, the community will take more and more control. And I think that that will work here. But for now, I think that's how we do it. I think it's a critical milestone. I don't know if people are aware of just how crazy this kind of thing actually is, where a massive decision, where a significant part of the token supply is being distributed in ways that we are designing and doing collectively and approving collectively. This is a big deal, folks. This is, in my mind, a major step forward for the maturity of the DAO, for the proper decentralization of the Jupyterverse as more and more people have a say in what's going on. And that cannot be underplayed. This does not happen every day where things of this scale are being decided by a community. And we don't know which way the vote's going to go. I've got no idea. If everyone... But... I feel like we're going to learn. Yeah. That is a fact. Yeah, precisely. I think it's great. I think if we do, if we showcase that again and stuff, I think that's the whole point. I think, I feel, one of the things that I place in high premium, right? Is that it's learning, right? It's like, you know, when we, this vote will draw a lot more people. Yeah. Right. Into understanding our ethos. right and what's important for us yeah you know yeah intuitive reaction is like well why would you even want to do this and that curiosity kind of pulls you in a little bit more deeply versus if it is just a random announcement that you see on twitter you maybe just say like okay i guess this thing is what's happening right yeah for sure i think i think yeah by turning it into a collaborative process you get people's not only like we learn together we learn together we learn together we experiment together we learn together right yeah that's it you know that's right and i've been reading guys i read every single thing I said before I read every single thing. I think you, I might not always respond, I can't respond to everything, but I read everything. All right. So, okay, it's a gift, right? So this is actually another key principle. I talk about this a lot, right? If you go to search my tweets and stuff, there's this really important tweet I wrote. But basically, address are a gift. And definitely, definitely, it's a gift. So I hereby officially reject any accusations of any... Basically, if the vote doesn't pass, it's fine. It's a gift. If the vote pass, accept the gift. If the vote doesn't pass, it's still a gift. It's fine. And similarly and stuff, There's no expectations, right? If you do a gift to someone, you shouldn't expect something from someone. For example, if I say, for example, if you like a girl and give her a gift, right? But you expect something, then is it really a gift? it's not a gift right the entire whole thing is broken yeah you're saying right it's like a payment it's a payment that's right you you you got you got a thing right yeah and and for the more affordable just to be just realistic right there's going to be a lot more it's the the calculus is a lot more different It's much bigger, right? It's much more broader user base, right? That's it, right? So I think we have to also set expectations for how much can be distributed per user, you know? Yeah. And it's a gift from the community to the larger user base and as an also an invitation for them to join and participate in governance. Yeah. So it's also an invitation, right? For the best, it's also an invitation. Yeah, I got it. We made the slides like two minutes before the thing actually started. Hold on, hold on. We just missed a fist bump. There we go. They're going to roast us in the... Let's try it again. Boom, boom, boom. Yeah, I think I brought your ring. Yeah, but anyway, I think it's also an invitation for the best users, right? And over here, again, a big qualifier here is that there's many, many, many, many, many, many new words, right? And I think we are going to... Can you say how many, roughly? 10 million. It's about 10 million. Yeah, so I think we definitely got to do like massive amounts of like... We'll be focusing on the most active and the most like... Yeah. So it wouldn't be like, we will not be able to do something last year where if you just randomly did one transaction, we include you. That won't be the case anymore. Yeah. We should set expectations right now. This is a way to invite the best users to join the community, the most consistent users, people who are really getting a lot of value out of the Jupyter products. I mean, there will still be, we will still miss, right? But then I think that's the main thing. They will still miss it, but the main thing. The expectation needs to be set right now. Not everyone of the more than 10 million wallets that have actually participated and interacted with the Jupyter product over the past year will be eligible for the airdrop. There will be criteria there to ensure that we're able to... If it passes. If it passes. To ensure that the people who are being brought in, who are invited into the community, are people that really understand the Jupyter ethos and what it's all about. And then, of course, going back to some of the core things that Jupiter stands for, this is also an experiment. And as I was talking about earlier, I think probably one of the most important in Tao history, simply due to the scale, simply due to the complexity and the nuances of the issues, and due to the strong feelings that it evokes. This is not like a rubber stamp kind of vote that we're going to see here. No, it's not a rubber stamp vote. Okay, guys, this is going to be a great experiment. This is going to be a great experiment. This is probably one of the most, I mean, whatever happens, right? Guys, be happy, man. I'm happy. I'm happy that we are going to do one of the most important experiments in Dao history. It's going to be fun. Yeah, it's going to be very fun. It's great, right? Because it's going to, again, like, guys, you don't actually, it's very, very rare in life that you get to be part of an experiment. A big experiment, right? And guys, we're doing it together. Is this the biggest test of the DAO thus far, SOG? I would say so. Yeah, the community, for sure, 100%. Yeah. I think so. All right, let's go. Okay. All right. Okay, now here's another key point. The big one. The big one. If you weren't paying attention, pay attention now, folks. Here we go. All right, so... As I mentioned, I read everything. And definitely take into account, for example, do you know why I proposed to do a 30% cut proposal? Because I read a lot of the comments and stuff, and people are talking about FDB and everything. But they also talk about the fact that they are worried about... I was thinking... how given those concerns that people have, right? What is the thing that, what can I do to address those concerns? Right, about high FDV, about emissions, but still preserving the integrity of the original intent, right? And also the preserving integrity, right, of the vision, right? And preserving the integrity of the growth potential. Yeah. You see what I'm saying? Right? That was a really important thing that I did. Okay, I'll say it again. The 30%, we did a 30% token vote proposal, right? - We voted to burn the token supply. - Because we recognize that people are worried about, at high FTV, they're worried about emissions, right? And they're worried about overhang, right? - Right. So we wanted to find a way of addressing those concerns while preserving the integrity of the vision the vision of the growth potential, right? You know, and the why we designed in the first place. Yeah. You see what I'm saying? Right? And then as a result, and then as a result of that, and then as a result of that, of that, of those two things, right? We did a transparency audit to show that, so as part of that proposal, right? We did transparency audit to show that, look guys, all tokens are there, right? We didn't sell anything, we didn't sell anything from personal side or anything like that. And apart from the initial launch pool, we clear our dark pools, right? We clear every single pool that we could have done shenanigans on and brought them to open, right? And then we also did a vote. We didn't just burn it, right? We did a proper vote, right? So that everyone can be part of the process. You see what I'm saying? And then obviously and stuff, we are also going to do the burn in the way, right? That signifies that. you know versus the urban whatever and so we're gonna take the budget more news on that coming up we're gonna take the burn we're gonna take the burn with a lot of respect Yeah. But I really think so, right? Because I think a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a And back to this point, right? I think, so I think we read a lot of stuff and we read, so we want, I think there's no secret that I want Ghibli to happen. Right? No secret, right? I think I would, I would, I would like to be, I would like to actually be a, um, I would like to actually be a, I would like to actually, like, I would like Jibri to happen, but I want to be like, but I want to actually take care of people's needs, right? You see what I'm saying? Right? I don't want to just be like, ah, Jibri is great, blah, blah, blah. And that's why putting in a vote is important, right? It forces me to think really hard, right? About taking care of people's needs. You see what I'm saying? Right? If I didn't put it for a vote, right? Then if we do put a vote and stuff, then we wouldn't force ourselves to think about it. You see what I'm saying? It would just be people complaining. It would just be people complaining. Right? You see what I'm saying? Right? So by putting it into a vote, right? We... we get everyone engaged, right? We had to think really hard about it, right? And we had to present the proposal to them, right? In a way that is acceptable. You see what I'm saying? This is critical, right? You know? So I think in summary, I think this is actually the, I mean, I can talk about many things and stuff. We can't actually go through a lot of things, but some of the key things that we're thinking about is number one, it would definitely, we try our best to make sure it goes to the best users that are most likely to be part of the cloud. And secondly, and it's a crucial thing, right? Is that we think that this is not like the first airdrop we did. For the first airdrop, we needed to get a lot of tokens to be liquid right away. Over here, it's different, right? Over here, it's very different. Over here, it will be, over here, this group will be designed very, very, very, very, very specifically, intentionally, right? For long-term DAO participation. Yeah. Right? So what is going to happen is that we are very, very likely, okay? We are very, very likely to have a, we are very, very likely to have a, to have a program, right? We have to do such that if you claim immediately, right? You, you will get a bank hack. - You get a big haircut. - Big haircut, and that's it. And then we're looking at 7,000 reduction, right? Yeah, and then the 7,000 reduction stuff, those tokens will go at the community in some way, right? So basically like, yes. - So it is a gift to users, to the best users. Not all of them will have that kind of long-term alignment with some of the Joop ethos or some of the key things that Joop stands for that we talked about earlier. That's fine. It is indeed a gift, but those tokens that they don't claim their haircut will actually go back into the community where we know people are actually more longer-term aligned. I mean so but so so so we we actually So I think we I think this as a fun and that's kind of details Okay, but tons of details how to do that. How's that right? But a high-level idea right high-level idea is okay We want new we want new we want we want the best users who use Jupiter to have an invitation to be part of this thing. But even for them, a lot of them will actually just get us more gifts. But we want them to be part of the process. Yeah, that's it. And to be part of the long-term process. Big caveat to all of this. Again, we can't repeat this enough. We're talking about this as some early design thoughts of how this could actually work. But critically, There will be a proposal that will come out, and then it will go up for a vote. It will be up to the community ultimately whether this happens or not. Hopefully, this can address some of the concerns that we've been seeing across the Jupyter Research Forums, Discord, and Twitter, some fears that people have that are reasonable for them to have. But these are ways to respond and kind of co-create an ideal outcome that is best for the entire Jupyter community, that allows us to get the growth that we want and invite new people in. While at the same time, ensuring that we're focusing on... We take care. We take care. We take care. I think we take care of people. We take care of people. We take care of like... We want to grow. We want to... I do actually think that... I do actually think that we... I really, really, really want to... I really, really want to, um, I really, really want to, um, I really, really want to, um, uh, I really, really want to, um, you know, I really, really want to, sorry, I, I, I really, really want to, um, like grow the community. Yeah. Uh, in big way. I really want more people to be, uh, involved, um, um, And it's probably the best marketing ever, right? But I also really want to take care of people who are fearful. Yeah. Also, obviously, there's this big overhang, token overhang on token. Yeah. People are really worried about this thing. Yeah. There's some questions, actually. We don't have tons of answers, I'll say. These are early kind of thoughts. Some folks asked if the locked amounts would be able to be used in voting, in the DAO governance. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's the point, right? That's the whole point, right? It's like we want to actually... we want to actually uh you know let people we want to actually let people participate right you know in the dow yeah that's right uh folks there are a lot of other questions i'm sure there's going to be very vibrant discussion in the jupiter research forums and in the end we'll be doing the whole we're doing tomorrow there'll be a town hall that meow will be doing tomorrow in discord or on twitter - In Discord. So people can jump into that with more kind of specific questions, but here's the high level kind of initial thinking, right? Is that one, directing it to the best users, just there's too many users to give it to everybody. So we're gonna focus on those who are the most consistent and the most engaged and are using the platforms in the kind of cleanest ways to help hopefully avoid as many symbols as we can. And there is going to be a long-term alignment component where if you claim right away, you will get fewer tokens than if you would wait it out and actually participate in governance over time. - Over a year. We're looking at long term, a year. - Yeah, right now the initial thing is about that. - Basically, if you want to receive the full add-up, it's a year thing. And again, guys, I want to actually say one more thing, right? And if you are part of the GPverse, I would like you to help me share this message to everyone who sees it, is that you really should not have any expectations. about how much to receive and about anything really. - It's a bonus, is the fact. - Yeah, it's a bonus. - This is an important thing to note. There are a lot of other protocols out there, no disrespect to any of them, who will outline exactly what the kind of points program is and how many points you'll get and they'll have points trackers and all that kind of stuff. That's not what Jupyter is here to do. This is not some kind of way to incentivize people to use the product. - No, no, no. - If you get value from the products, use the products. If you don't, don't use them. Do not use them to try to farm an airdrop where the rules are purposely not made clear in advance. - Yup, yup, yup. It's not, so don't have any expectations. Don't. - Yeah. - Right, don't. Really, really don't, right? I mean, I want to be very clear here, right? Don't have any expectations. - Zero expectations. Yeah, hold on. - Zero, zero. - Yeah, zero. - No expectations. Yeah, no expectations, okay? - Zero. - Yeah, like, don't expect anything, okay? Like, it's a present. - Yeah. - Done. This is a gift. right you know and i stand by that i don't care you can scream you can scream me and just call all you want and stuff but i won't yeah that that i care a lot about a lot of things but it's only i don't care about yeah i won't care so stop screaming so stop like like take your take the energy you're using your type keyboard to master it or something you know yeah yep and the last point here on camera what nothing you still ask me to check I do love to see all the zero boys and zero girls in the chat. Drop a little zero if you have those zero expectations. The enemy of joy is expectations, folks. It's a gift. We're going to see what this comes through. So it could look something like this. Yeah, there's a lot of chat going on over here. Last point here. Yeah, do you want to talk about this? Yeah, that's it. Yeah, I think it has something to do with growth, right? Yeah. It has something to do with growth. Yeah, this is where growth comes from. We got to go forward with it. All right. I believe that's it. And growing the pie means that we can come together, that we can find a way forward. We can expand the doubt greatly and be stronger at the end. Right. But guys, remember, if this is not a vote, I would not come at this. I would not have talked about that. Yeah. It's the fact that it was a vote. There was a lot of opinions. I had to read through all the opinions and think about how to actually get the vote passed. It still might not pass, by the way. It still might not pass, by the way. Go from it. All the zeros in the chat over here as well. Let me go Go back over here. Are we on to the next thing almost? Yeah. So just before we move on to our very, very special announcement, which you are going to like, I just want to give a chance to summarize what's going on here. Jubilary 2020, Jubilary 2025 is potentially coming up subject to a Dow vote. It will be a period of discussion. There will be a draft proposal where there'll be plenty of feedback and then the vote will come later this month in November itself, if I'm not mistaken. And what we're going to try to do here is grow the pie by helping reward and give a gift to the best users that are out there as an invitation to come join the DAO and participate in governance and focusing on this long-term alignment by ensuring that the people who claim the token early on receive far less and the people who are willing to have that patience, that can pass that marshmallow test, that show that commitment to the DAO are able to get their tokens. And anyone who does get that quick haircut, the rest of the allocation would go back into the DAO and be used for all sorts of things into the future. - Yeah, that's actually really great. - Okay, that is the state of Jubilairy 2025. More details to come. Come to the town hall tomorrow in Discord if you are eager. - Guys, there are no more details at this point. There are no more details at this point, yeah. - All right, cool. So we can get the chat ready 'cause folks, we're rounding out the call. with a very special announcement. God, I'm so excited. Really? You are? I'm so excited. You are? It's okay. We're going to go for this. We're going to probably have this. Let's go. Oh, yeah, yeah. Let's make sure that the coffee cup off the table. Nah, I want my coffee. Give me coffee. Let's go. All right. The very special announcement. Do you want to do it or do you want me to do it? We should do it. Let's do it. Let's do it together. Okay, all right. The very special announcement is... For the first time ever, we are announcing... Katsumbo! Let's go! Cat's Den Bowl 2025. Take a screenshot of this. Take a screenshot of this. Please. Let's go. Take a screenshot. It's such adorable, right? Cat's Den Bowl. Let's go. She's the best artist in the game. Cat's Den Bowl 2025 is on the way. I tell you that much. I cannot wait. What is Cat's Den Bowl 2025? Just keep it on the screen for a little while. This is where the cats take over the city of Istanbul, famously already the city of cats about to be a filled with a lot more cadets and other community members coming very soon in 2025. The chat is going wild. Let's showcase all this love over there in the chat. Please keep scrolling through all of those. Yeah, I'm keeping it. brother. I love this kid so much. You're going to have to get a tattoo of this, my guy. This is so good. Yeah, I know. But basically, it's Kastambo. It'll be the first Jupyverse conference in January, right? It should be around January 25th, right? So we'll be doing the first Jupyverse conference right and castamble will be it's for you by the way this is going to be for you yeah it's far from america but it's not for everyone okay it's like it's like equal distance okay it's an equal it's an equal distance for everyone okay it's like castamble yeah you know but but it's for you right it's not going to be it's not going to be a conference for like most conferences are for like you know vips and famous and blah blah blah blah blah right but no it's not it's for you - That's a fact. - It's for you, yeah. It's for you, right? So it's for, we're gonna cater, we're gonna really focus on people who are in the Jupyterverse, who are doing, who are the other founders in Jupyterverse, all the work groups, all the ones who wants to work groups, all the creators, all the developers, yeah, and the team members, a lot of team members that you work really hard that you don't know about, right? So it's going to be show, it's not gonna be a bring people together and showcasing all of them, right? - It's born of a simple insight. We've seen this now in a few different meetings, like the one that we had over in London that we were at, where we got to meet a bunch of the Cadets and Zero Boys, things that you've done in Singapore and elsewhere. Cadets really vibe well together when they are in together real life. Juber Park over at Great Point is another example of this. Actually, the event, the small event that we did, that way we got some cadets together. That was fun, that was super fun. No, no, no. We actually did a second event. You weren't there because you had to do something, right? I was speaking. Yeah, you were speaking. But then it was actually really fun. We had a small event. I interviewed all the cadets. I interviewed a lot of the our WG members. Unfortunately, the cameras broke down, so we had no videos of that. But it's fine, we'll do it in Cat Stumble. Yeah. Oh, God, the content out of Cat Stumble. Don't even get me started on what it's going to be like. I'm going to be there so bad. Cat's taking over. Absolutely. The funny thing is, Cat's already took over Cat Stumble. I think it's fine now. Right? You know, it's so great. Cat Stumble! The first ever Jubaverse conference coming together, bringing the community together. IRL. so that all sorts of great things can happen. As Miao mentioned, this conference is really for you. The goal is to bring together all sorts of community members so that we can celebrate together, learn together, improve the Jubaverse all together. The folks who are the most excited and most engaged community members are gonna get priority access to this. And as a result of this, it's not just gonna be whatever, marketing nonsense and like, oh, hey, please go use this product. No, there's going to be upskilling workshops. There's going to be co-creation workshops. It's about learning from each other because there's so much good knowledge and talent in this community. Yeah. Also the wider, also the wider thing, right? If you know, if you think there's someone who can really contribute to your life that you want to meet, right anywhere in the cryptobus right or anywhere you so you tell us who you're gonna meet and stuff like no seriously you tell us who you want to meet right and we'll try to get them here okay no problem but try to get them my the reason i'm smiling is i saw a comment don't even try to pull it up now but it said uh a raffle for free tickets oh what if i was uh yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm so excited. I'm getting to the next thing already. Stay tuned for a little second. You'll get a little update on that. I will absolutely be there. I would not miss Kastanbo for anything. It's going to be two days of just utter chaos. good vibes and good times and we will and remember i remember we will actually um let's just say let's say this right it's like most um most conferences in crypto are meant for whales okay i'm a vips right yeah um this is meant for everyone you know we're going to try our very best to make it accessible to the people the people who um who are going to be part of the community. Yeah. Save the date. When? Can we announce the dates? Yeah, sure. It's going to be January 25th. Around thereabouts. The exact dates are 25th. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But it's going to be thereabouts, right? Thereabouts. We need to... roughly January 25th and 26th roughly roughly it might change a little bit but it's going to be late January for sure still finalizing venues and so on and that's why we don't have a firm date wait wait can you pull out the thing the worst AMA thing wait hold on this guy yes Daikon Frost please don't come again just don't yes don't waste your time i'm very like don't waste your time okay just please don't don't waste your time don't feed the trolls no no no no no no no no i know i love it just saying like no this is what we're talking about earlier this is the kind of thing i want to highlight i love that guy sorry yeah fine fine fine fine yeah both are good now it goes the same earlier if you don't vibe here don't come here it's fine Drop a little English in the chat if you're with us right now. English, English, let's go. English in the chat. Yeah, there it is. All right. Highlight all of those. Highlight all of those. All right. So this is a conference for you. As we talked about, there's going to be some updates from the team, of course, but a bunch of cool community workshops that will make this better, valuable for everybody. So start working on your visas. Hopefully we'll have some ways to potentially help out on that. Working on that. Why are you just speaking English? Sorry. What? It's good. It's good. I swear, is this another day conference? No, no, no. The right guy. Why this guy speaks English? I don't speak English. I speak Eblish. Eblish. Eblish. Eblish. Eblish. Eblish. Eblish. Eblish. Eblish. Okay, enough Eblish. Enough Eblish for a second. All right. Here's the thing to say. uh there is going to be so in addition to the updates from the team and these cool workshops and all the parties uh all the ways that we can like learn from each other and vibe together there will also be a major platform announcement uh and i think if anything we're kind of underselling how major it is we need major like maybe one more than one time on this slide yeah but it's fine but i but yeah don't don't sell it too much but yeah but then yeah but then we we are working on something and then we want to we also want to announce it in uh we want to announce um We want to share and I'll see in the, in, in, in Cat Stamble. At Cat Stamble. So, uh, definitely you'll want to be there for that. A couple of months out. Yeah. Yeah. Can we say, uh, one other crazy thing that's happened to Cat Stamble? Are you, okay. Are you ready? The next one? You ready? All right. All right. Cool. Cool. Let's do it together. Okay. Okay. So, um, all right. This is the, this is gonna be fun. Okay. We both want to talk about it cause it's so cool. At the end of day two, what is going to happen in Cat Stamble? Wait, hold on. What the hell? What's going to happen in Cat Sand Bowl? Burn the cat! We're going to have a ceremony to burn the 30% of the tokens. For everyone that has been asking when Bernie... When Bernie... When Bernie... ...haven't in life. We'll all get together and start and burn the cat. We're going to try and get a giant wooden cat. Try, try, try. Probably not as big as this soda. This is AI. Don't let this be your expectation. But we're going to try to get a giant Bernie cat light it on fire as we all dance and chant around it. And we press the burn button. And press the button. Transaction, yeah, transaction. January 26th or thereabouts, that is when the 30% supply burn is going to be happening. But we are together as a community. Yes. Can you imagine? We will burn the 30% tokens live together. It will be a cleansing moment for the entire community. It will be a burning chat. It's a burning chat. That's how we do it. That's how we do it. That's how we do it. - We're finally with a date. So the date is set. Yes, correct. So this will be the, yes. So the date is set. All right, draft date is set. roughly might change you know a day or two but the last the second day of the jupiter conference this is how we're going to end it the rich wandering soul hit it on the head the jupiter rituals this will go down in jupiter's history all My friends. Yeah. So the, the, the token burn, the 30% token burn that everyone asks us for is to do that. Yeah. Yeah. You're going to be too, too much fun. All right. Burning cat is going to be the highlight or I should say one of the highlights is so many, there's going to be, this thing's going to be packed with good times. Don't let Peter know this is other way. Nobody loves cats more than Jupiter. This is a cleansing thing for the entire... And Burning Man, when they burn a human, it's not because they don't like humans. It is because of the ritual and the way that they are brought together by the Burning Man. So yes, the burn will happen second day of Jupiter. That's right. Second day of Cat's Tan Bull. Cat's Tan Bull, yeah, let's go. And now, can we say for a lot of people in the chat asking how much a ticket's going to cost and so on and so forth? You want to tell? Let's go for it. The answer is a big fat zero. This is a free conference, folks. The goal is not to charge the community for coming together. We want everyone to be able to come. And the Jupiter team wants this so much. that there are actually going to be subsidies up to $2,000 per person for 500 selected participants. To those that are really creating the most value in the Jupyterverse ecosystem who have been really exhibiting that founder energy, you'll receive up to $2,000 to subsidize your trip over. So very far from you having to pay, it is quite the opposite. We wanna make sure that this is an example an event that anybody can kind of attend uh no matter what their personal situation is going to be like uh yeah good news to be honest not everyone i think we are going to prioritize like definitely a paradise correct for 500 selected participants if you if you have been contributing to the if you have been contributing to the community or the ecosystem right and you have something or you have something very good to share right you have a really great so three things right number one if you have been um if you have been contributing a lot to the community, to the crypto ecosystem, or you have something that really great that the community will benefit from you sharing, right? We will try to actually, you know, we'll subsidize to $2,000. It's pretty great. If you have been an active community member with the Lend-A-Value Dash and for the rest of the stuff that we can't subsidize, you'll be free. But you have to apply for the conference. Space will be limited. The JUP is very large. So we're going to try to prioritize people that have been contributing back in that classic J4J spirit, folks. But really excited to be able to meet all of these folks together. Yeah, get a password. Start thinking about your visas. This is going to be a great time. But as mentioned, this is a conference that will be for the community, by the community. We need to hear. What do you think? What would make this really special? And so what we'd love to see is if you can scan this QR code right now, it'll pre-populate a little tweet. And we want to get the word about Cat Sam Bull out into the community. And we want to know what would make it a win for you. What would make it the best? Is there particular types of content that you want to see? Is there particular people that you want to meet? Are there particular activities that you think should be done? What would make this conference special? the best that you've ever attended. So just scan this right now, tweet it out. We'll be keeping track of everyone that gives back feedback, and hopefully some folks will be able to make this, help us make this just an incredible event. How to apply? Need to arrange flights and travel soon. That is going to be coming up and will be announced in the coming weeks as some of the logistics, like the exact date and the venues, get finalized. But we want to put this on everybody's radar. If you are somebody who's been contributing and excited about the Jupyterverse and you're excited to attend, Make sure that you save that last part of January so that you can come through. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Shout out to Fwag right over there. The GoToTeam. This is bringing people together. We'll keep this on here. Again, make sure to let us know what would be great. This is a co-creation opportunity. We want to make sure that this is for the community. Kastambo! So great. Kastambo. Another, guys, so one thing real quick is that I think, can you go back real quick to a subsidy slide? This one? No, subsidy slide. Yes, one. So one of the big reasons why we are doing this is because, honestly, it's because I have so much fun. Inclusive is the word I was looking for, Brillo. Thank you for that. I had so much fun working. I don't know. It's whatever 2050 is. We are not very... We are not big on planning here. But then... We are not. I'm just not, right? But then, you know... But I think the thing is... I think that the... But I think, yeah. I think the key thing here is that I think I had so much fun. I always have lost... I have way, way, way more fun hanging out with cadets and community members and talented people, right? So I love three things, right? I love talking to community members. I love talking to people who are genuinely good vibes in the critical ecosystem and I love talking to talent, talented people. So those are three things I really want to do. So in some sense, it's very selfish, right? Because I want to, I want to meet more company members, I want to meet more people who are genuinely have ethos. Because here's the thing, Given what I do, the temptation to do short-term things is very common, bro. It's just every single fucking day, there's this option to do things in a way that's short-term. Short-term projects, short-term thinking, short-term community, short-term people. So I think what keeps me going is when I hang out with long-term people. You see what I'm saying? So what keeps me going is three things. It's when I hang out with community members. who are true community, I hang out with long-term oriented people. I hang out with talent, right? I met the AI 16Z guy, great guy, but really futuristic thinking, very focused on like rethinking how money is generated, rethinking of like how to create like better scenario, right? And that inspired me, right? So I think my whole thing, that's also why the whole ecosystem of fathers come from, right? Which is like, how do we really meet like great people? So guys, can you scroll over quick? So it's like, basically, can you scroll over quick? Scroll over on the chat or the slides? Sorry, sorry, sorry. So I'll just do end of, so end of, can you scroll over quick? So anyway, so in summary, I think that the goal of Cat Stumble 2025 is for me to make great people, for you to make great people, for great people to meet each other. Yeah, is it right? Great people means that, you know, they love the ideology of us. They love that long-term align on what the future looks like. And they have a talent, then they share the world. And again, we'll try to disappoint everybody, but we'll try our best to read through all the comments and feedback and submissions. But at the end of the day, there's only so much we can do. I hope you forgive us. But the whole point here is I'm going to try our best to bring together QPBers. It's a classic example of, you know, give into the Jupyterverse, you shall receive from the Jupyterverse. So if you're excited about coming to Cat, Sand, Bull, and you're not sure that you're going to make the cut, you have time to start contributing. It's never too late. You can start literally after this call, as soon as tomorrow. If you do now. contributing. I don't think that's true. If somebody does a great work over the next two or three weeks, there's time for the proposals. Yeah, we are going to prioritize people who have been contributing over the year. Of course. I think there's folks that... I don't think we want to let anybody feel like you're unlikely. We want to empower everybody. Yeah, sure. But I'm just saying that we will prioritize people who have been contributing over the year. So, never mind then. I guess you're shit out of luck, Dan. No, no, no, no, you're not. You're not. I'm just saying that we will... We will... We will... Like, we will prioritize people that have been contributing... we recognize things because it's just important. You know? Yeah. Yeah. That's how I think about it. Sorry. Yeah. Okay. In any case, cat sample coming up 2025, super, super goddamn excited. Great time. Let's just do a quick summary of the thing. Sorry. Just like, okay. So customer two, two, five. Yeah. So customer two, two, five. Um, it's, um, customer two, two, five. Um, It's the first ever 2P bus conference and it's for you, for great people to meet each other. There will be a major platform announcement. There will be a big burning cat ceremony and we hope to make it big. We hope, right? Okay, not that big. It's not going to be that big. Isn't it just for cats? Yeah. But there'll be a cat. There will be a cat. And 30% of the tokens to buy will be burned. Yeah, 30% of the tokens will be burned. Ah, yeah. That's going to kickstart the year, right? You know, and then there'll be 2,000 subsidies for 500 selected participants. Right, yeah. Yep. And... um we'll try to make happen yeah that's it that's it folks drop a little w in the chat if you think that that lived up to my uh promise here of a very very very special announcement i think this is good i think this is going to be an absolute banger please drop that w if you are excited and if you want to be joining all of us here in katstan bull january 25th and 26th probably might change a little bit uh as we just tried Was this the best goddamn Joop rally in the history of Joop rallies? In the history of rallies, bitch. In the history of rallies, in general, in the history of rallies. No, name me a more, name me a better rally. We got to do this stuff more often in person. Name me a better rally, bro. We can't name one. Try, try, try. Let's go. Challenge. Name a better rally. All right, folks. Well, that is going to be about it for us. I just want to say thank you, everybody, for coming out. If you enjoyed this, please do go follow Joop underscore Uplink over on Twitter to get the latest news, the latest content, all the clips out of this call in case you missed any pieces of it. Go to the Jupiter Exchange YouTube page and watch some of the longer form clips. Go into the backlog if you are at all curious about PPP, the transparency audit, the supply burn itself, Jubilary. All of those topics have been covered with some great content on previous calls. You can find that there. And I will say, you know, you don't have to go home, but you cannot stay here. Thank you all very much for coming out. So in summary, I think in summary, we covered a lot of things today. We did. You want to go through all the slides? No, no, no. Just go all the way back. Just to wrap up everything here. If you can just go back all the way back. I just want to do summary because it's, I think that, you know, so in summary, right? I think, you know, we covered a lot of key ideas behind Joop. We covered the idea of Joop standing for growth, Joop standing for experiments and Joop standing for the, be the change on the sea. Yeah. And then we will cover the Jupyter C++, and these are things about how we think that the ETHOS is going to operate in Jupyter, around PPP, around CAT, and around EOS. Let's do short form for now, EOS. let's get EOS, ecosystem of all those. And I really, really, really want to see all these people at Founder Energy and Castanbo. - That's right. - You see what I'm saying? - Castanbo. - Right. And then we also share some thoughts on TripAdvisor 2025. We really hope that we listen. We really show that through this vote, we show that we listen, right? And we can't please everybody. There will be a lot of technical difficulties, but we will try our best to do a jubilee that grows the Pi and the UNI community. Lastly, I think we are going to do Cat Stumble 2025, whereby there will be web-based for you. there'll be a major platform announcement along with a lot of other announcements, right? We will also lay out 2025 with everybody. - Yeah. - It's not just a major announcement, but we also lay out 2025 with everybody, right? You know, and obviously there'll be a burning can, right? Where the 30% will be burned. - Yeah. - Yeah. - Boom, boom, boom. - Yeah. And perhaps most importantly of all, we learned about the value of English. So there's one thing I can encourage all of you to do tonight is go home, start your English books. Yeah, English. Go do some English. All right, guys. Go check out your English books. I'll talk to you very soon. Bye. Bye. Love you. Bye.