If you want COC, you better show you mean it. Alright, let's get started. ♪♪ Updates, big and deep Roof breaks, can you see it? Luck ain't even in it This is just a bunch of heavy lifting So look, it's a Wednesday running back There's a W in the check It's cat-ass, but in fact It's got the Catholic culture on the map There ain't no PVC Preaching if you want to see my feet My boots here every week A bit of St. Leonard's heat Every call I be getting geeked I'm enthralled for every speaker Updates making feats, roof raids can you see it? Luck ain't even in it, this is just a bunch of heavy lists So look it's a Wednesday running back, that's a W in the check The cat that spit it facts got the cataclysm on the map There ain't no PVP, I'm preaching PPP If you want COC, you better show you mean it ♪♪ We got winds here every week. I've been saying that it's heat. Every call, I be getting heat. I'm in thrall for every speaker. Updates making peace. Roof break, can you see it? Luck ain't even in it. This is just a bunch of heavy lifting. So look, it's a wind day running back. It's a W in the check. The cat that spit in fact got the cat that called you on the mat. There ain't no PDP. I'm preaching. Yo, hello, hello, hello, and welcome to this, the Planetary Call. I'm here with Meow's younger brother, the lady killer himself, Soju. Say hello to the people. GM everybody, first time co-hosting Planetary Call with Cash, please take it easy on me. Drop a little lady killer in the chat to make the boy feel welcome and warm. Yeah, look at this, Kaseg, whoa, Soju Planetary Call. Might be the best one yet, I don't know. People are getting very competitive on these Planetary Calls now. We had Tsiong over as a co-host, we had Miao as a co-host, now Soju as a co-host. Miao's grandson. Soju. To be super clear, they are not actually related. But if you thought they were, you'd be like many of the cab drivers in Singapore. Oh, no. Folks, we've got a fun one for you today. I'm not going to lie. It's been a minute since we had a planetary call. But we are back and we're back. we're back with a banger. There's no other way to say it. So we're probably going to go long. Meow is still reading the feedback. Absolutely. I think, do you know how much feedback we ended up hitting? Or I should say you guys ended up hitting, Sergio? It was like 10K? crazy crazy amounts yeah i think we'll be talking about all of them today later on i think there's some very good ones but uh many of them for sure so uh it's not my birthday k day solana but i appreciate it friday uh it's my birthday that's coming up i feel bad even saying that anyway okay good to know yes it is so if you're uh don't get me anything obviously uh anyway Let's jump into it here, folks. Drop a little jam in the chat if you're feeling ready for this planetary call. It is November 27th, 2024. This is the 400th time that we are doing this. And so that means you already know how we got to start with the unofficial Cat Head theme song. ♪ so is Yes! Somebody said in the chat that this is their favorite part of the call, which I gotta say, hurts my fucking feelings. I'm on the rest of the call over like an hour and a half and people are not interested in that. They're really just here for the animated cats. For the 30 seconds they're not on. Exactly. They're like, wow, Cass, shut the fuck up. This is the best call we've had yet. This is awesome. But appreciate everybody else coming out. For people asking in the chat, yes, the POAPs will come at the end of the call just for you, the planetary call. Faithful. We're going to go in. For all the people that do like listening to me talk, I got good news. I'll be talking a fucking bunch during this. For everyone that prefers animated cat songs, go to the YouTube page, Jupiter Exchange. You'll be able to find that there. You can just listen to that on repeat and just mute the call. Watch that. That would be good. In case you are new here, this is call number 33, if you can believe it. Planetary Call is produced by the Uplink Working Group out of the Joop DAO. And the goal here is to turn the universe into the Joopiverse. We try to convey everything that's happening across the Joopiverse in one somewhat succinct call. I don't know about how succinct this one's going to be. So what is the line today? What is the over-under for how long this one goes? I'll bet it's under. Everyone is very conscious this time. Such a banner call full of content. Yeah. All right. Well, folks, you let us know in the chat. Are you taking the over or the under on 60 minutes for this call? Knowing that we have 1.75 hours is probably closer. 60 minutes. I will take the over myself. I think there's no chance we hit the under. uh in case you don't already know here's what we're going to be talking about today in the abstract we're going to be has it ever happened since cast i don't i think one time it did uh one time we were a little bit under but literally one out of 33 not great odds for soju uh the jupiter verse comprised of three pieces first the We have Jupyter, the platform itself, which is aggregating everything, all tokens and much, much more. People will soon come to find out. Then you have $JUP. That is, of course, the token that helps align everything. It'll be part of the focus of this call, especially as we talk about Jupytery. But the main focus, the kind of critical piece here is the JUP. That is the community that is growing everything. And that is you watching this right now, along with a bunch of the people that are going to talk on this call. in a second. Here's the agenda for today. As you can tell, it's a juicy one. So just already laughing seeing how long it is. Three hours and a few cats. Have we ever finished early? Yeah, Scarlett is probably probably right. Here's what we're going to go through today. First, this week in the Jupyterverse. It's been a little while and a lot is happening. So I think there's like 10 different things that are happening across the Jupyterverse that you should probably know about. That'll be a little news segment with me and Zoju. Then we're going to hear about some product improvements to two of the products that people really do love. We're going We're going to hear about perps and some upgrades to perps and some of the parameters there. And then we are going to hear about Jupyter Mobile, which literally just today launched a brand new feature that allows it officially to become my preferred mobile wallet. Without this feature, I wasn't able to really use it for everything that I did. That's coming up in a little bit. We'll hear all about that and the five Fs of Jupyter Mobile. You're not going to believe the fifth one. I'll tell you right now. Just make a note of it right now. The fifth one is going to be the most surprising. Then we're going to talk about CatSandBull. Drop a little JM in the chat for me right now if you're thinking about coming to Cat's Den Bowl. I want to see how many of the Planetary Call faithful are jumping in here. Give me a little JM, then I'll know. Soldiers, yeah, all right. It's coming, the bearded madman. Ace, Katoshi, Benice. Oh, okay, now they're coming in too fast. I can't even really keep track. My guy Callum is coming. Shout out to Callum and the Super Team UK faithful. All right. So for everyone who's saying Jam right now, this is going to be very relevant to you. And for everyone that's thinking about it but not sure, definitely stick around here. There's going to be a little bit of alpha for you there. We'll convince you to come. And then before we wrap up, we're going to have somebody from the partner side of things. Rune from Sky is going to be here. Rune, the founder or co-founder of MakerDAO as well, just a giga legend in the DeFi space. They have now come over to Solana. We're going to hear a little bit more about their stablecoin and what they have in store before the POAP. Did I miss anything, Soju? Is that everything? Nope. Just hit me the Ws. You're still thinking under? You're still thinking less than 60? I was for under 90 minutes, not 60 minutes. That's a more fair line. Okay. I think I'd still probably take the over on 90 minutes. Let's see what we could do. - Okay, let's get into this week in the Jupyverse. We need to like a breaking news, like sound effect here. If we can make that happen, production team for next call. Here we go. Number one, first thing that you should know about in the Jupyverse Solana is hot right now. It feels pretty good. I don't know if you've been here with Solana since we were down to $8. Please drop a little W in the chat. I know I was here. I know many of us on this call were here. Painful times come a long way since then. We're seeing $100 billion a month in volumes right now across the chain, and Jupiter in particular. as the kind of primary DeFi aggregation layer on Solana is seeing more activity than ever. These numbers kind of blew me away. So do you want to share these Jupyter numbers here? Yeah. So I think one thing is, I think because of the past few years we've been through, I think just we just all should just take a time pause and like, okay, So I thought things are doing well, things are doing our favor, but things are also breaking. Like, Jupiter is dealing with so many new users, like about a million users a week nowadays, and DCA numbers are off the charts, email orders are off the charts, like, It's time for our team to really work much harder in steering our services, steering how fast we fill limit orders, steering how fast we fill DCA orders, and just provide this amazing experience for all the new users who are using Solana and using Jupyter for the first time. And I think our team, we have a very big part of our team dedicated to doing that, which will be sharing a lot of different Ws about how fast or how steering our system is basically over the next few weeks. But we have some today. And big shout out to everybody who's bringing on their friends and helping everyone trade on Solana because this is not possible without the members of Solana, the users of Solana who's out there in the world. That's for facts. Yeah, the numbers here, they're getting, there's no other way to say it. They're getting a little bit gross. They're getting so big. 8x increase in DCA volume and 6x increase in limit orders is nuts. Shout out to the homies over at Lava Raj, previous guests of the Planetary Call, now pushing for the meme coin super cycle in the chat. But this is really, I think, an impressive amount of scale that Solana is seeing and that Jupiter is seeing. And as a result, as Soju mentioned, there's some changes that need to happen. So let's start to talk about the way in which swap just got even better. Now, JupyterSwap, every single person on this call uses it. If you use Solana or you're using JupyterSwap, whether you know it or not. And I assume this is Will on the meme side on the left. Is this an Uplink meme? Or is this a Sojourner meme? Sojourner meme. I have Uplink, best meme creators in the game. JupyterSwap is now officially 5x Faster. You thought it was already the fastest. You thought it was fast before? Bitch, you ain't seen nothing yet. From one second down to 200 milliseconds per swap, which is good for everybody. Oh, and this was done by Milos, the new 10x10. Yeah. We got a new 10x10 engineer, and the first thing he did was like, oh, I think I can improve this. And then he showed us like, oh, the numbers ran from... The average swap time went from one session to 200 minutes a second, and then everyone's mind was blown. Lots of people use our servers, even our own DCA and email order. And actually what happened, that's a side-nodded story, is that we actually spent much more on servers after this happened, because our DCA and email orders, we tried to call the API, right? So instead of calling it five times, every five seconds, he ended up calling it 25 times every 25 seconds. And we're like, shit, we're calling it too much. So he was a plant from Triton 1. I think Brian Long sent Milos into the Jupyterverse in order to increase his RPC fees over here. This is pretty fucking crazy, actually. One guy comes in, a swap that's doing billions of dollars in volume, and makes it 5x faster. Shout out to uh milish and shout out to everybody out there using swap buttery fast uh the second kind of like corollary point here is that dcas the dollar cost averages are humming uh right now so do you want to talk about some of the upgrades that came to the keeper that makes this product even better Yeah, so this is, I mean, we don't realize on the network keep us in the other keepers. You say keepers. This year keeper has been a bit slow recently. Like I think users have complained and feedback to us. I always not feel on time. We know that this is a problem and we're working very hard to solve it. So one thing we did was that we helped optimize the DC's keeper ability to like cycle through all the orders and know what orders to fill and start filling them. We saw a rough 2x improvement in speed, but we know that DCA has a long way to go. Do we provide the experience that we want for our users? We need to keep improving upon DCA. So expect to see more updates to DCA over the next few weeks. DCA and also email orders and clips and pubs and we just want to improve everything as like users and traction style across the board but big shout out to DeFi Razer who managed to ship this recently And shout out to Colton, all the planetary call OGs, the people that were there from the very beginning of the Juvedal. They remember Colton and the dollar cask Ia Virgin video. If you don't know, by the way, keepers are basically bots that are maintained either by people or by algorithms that help close your orders, that actually make sure that the order goes through. Because this is decentralized, right? It's not like Jupiter is there and Soju is clicking the button to make your DCAs go through. So that's a little extra context on that side. Ladykilleronfire, I saw somebody in the chat say how, "Man is so handsome, he used to blur the camera to balance it." - That's you unfortunately. - I didn't talk about you my guy. That's fair. Yuna can let us know. That is very much a Soju compliment. Speaking of some of the spot features within Jupyter, a new one has gone out to Ape Pro. Drop a little ape in the chat if you like me are losing money on meme coins. uh but april is the best way it's my favorite way to lose money on meme coins i will say because the product is just getting better every single day now limit orders are alive so you buy some kind of coin or you buy a meme coin you know that you want to exit at a 10x you can just click there rather than being addicted to the screen all day and all night Massive usability improvement over here. And don't forget, if you haven't already started doing it, telling your friends, your baby mamas, your grandmothers, your dog walkers and your masseuses and anybody else, if they use Ape Pro with your referral code, you will get 50% of the platform fees there, which is pretty cool. And they'll all get 10% off of the fees. The fees are relatively low. I will tell you right now, that's what makes Ape so good relative to some other platforms, or it's one of the things. But this is a super cool one. Shout out to Joe Doe and the apes who are making this one happen. Limit orders live on ape for easier, smoother, no stress trading meme coins. - Apro and Scarlet saying this is crazy. Apro limit orders are better than me at meme coins. Yeah, that's probably true. I would say that limit orders are, for anyone that's actually in the trenches, you know that limit orders has been number one on the request list for a while. I will say that it's, you know, as a feature it's getting better and better. It's tricky to do when they're so volatile. So, you know, expect it to continue to improve. It's not perfect. - Yeah, I think a trick is that like we actually redesigned the entire limit order system for it. It works completely differently from Jupyter. on Jupyter EME order. So if you went into Jupyter, if you went into Ape EME order after using Jupyter and expecting the same experience, it's not true. Ape's system is designed really for like the use case of people in the trenches and what they want and what they expect to see. And I expect this will be a product that we'll keep improving on. Ultimately, that's what we're here for. We're here to build cool trading tools to help our users win. And the EME orders on Ape, that's another one. - Soju, what can you tell us about your time in the trenches? I buy it at whole Joop Sol. That is the simplest trench that exists. And speaking of, Joop Sol. Right now, it's a nice trench as well. Maybe less mud, more kind of fine luxury carpets over in the Joop Sol trenches. 17% APY. Now, Some people who may be new to it or don't understand liquid staking so well will be confused. They'll say, "Hey, I thought that Solana's inflation rate was something like 7%. Where is this extra 10% coming from? Is this a scam? Is this real?" Soju, come back to me. - Yeah, so two months ago, I posted a tweet. I was like, "Is it possible for our LLC to have organic daily API above 10%?" Like 10%, and now it's at 17% and it sort of blows my mind. - Crazy. but basically like on solana when you pay more in gas when you pay more in digital tips as i demand for boxes goes up jesus so jupso is where you want to be because jupso basically collects all the increase in like priority fees mev tips and accuracy in jupso and the api numbers you see are estimates over a past um i think 10 day uh look back period so because the past 10 days have been pretty crazy on solana the api has gone up like accordingly but it's a new paradigm I mean, covered by the past. Who knows how long it'll last? Hopefully, inshallah, it lasts forever. But just to make sure that there's a very fine point on here. There is the Jupiter Validator, which helps process transactions on the Solana network. It has a gigantic amount of stake. Is it top 20 now? I think I might have saw it. It's top 20, yeah. It's top 20 now, right? It's working under the top 10. And as Soju said, you get fees for it. Rather than Jupiter and Soju keeping those fees and buying Goyard bags and Ferragamo shoes, they instead give it to you, your stakers. So buying Drupal is like having exposure to Solana. itself with an additional APY. Worth checking out. Do your own research, et cetera, et cetera. But if you have Sol and you're not liquid staking Sol, you're missing out on fairly... somewhat safe returns. Again, do your own research and so on. I think one big shout out is that, I mean, if you've been in Solana for a while, you might see people talking about how like, oh, native staking on Solana is like 90% of stake and only 10% is liquid, 10% is in RSTs. I think I'm proud to say that like for Jupyter very little, I think more than 80% or 70% of our stake comes on our seats and just and that just goes to show like how predominantly retail like jupiter's like backers are like we are not we don't have that one rich friend with a five million soul and they put it into jupiter very data which so like helps a lot of other vendors do very well But we just want to create this very easy experience. Go to jup.ag, swap for Jupso, hold on to it. Don't worry about native staking or going through a wallet to find Jupyter very later. That's what we're here for, and we are very happy to help drive that mission. Easiest UX. One last common question that I hear from a lot of folks, 'cause I see in the chat some folks who are a little bit newer to this are saying, "How do you get fees back?" The price of JoopSol, you will notice, is different than the price of Solana itself. It's because the price of JoopSol dynamically increases to account for that APY. So you don't need to do anything. You just hold it in your wallet or in Camino or anywhere else, and it'll automatically become more valuable over time to capture that APY. So it's very easy. That's how you get the fees back on JoopSol. Tia, save and JupeSoul. Somebody said, I choose JupeSoul instead of the bank, says Antonio. Well, there's a Centum Jupiter card coming. I mean... That might be the safest place in the world. I don't know. Listen, folks, Jupesol, I think it's very cool. Certainly, if you have Solana, you should stake it, whether it's with Jupesol or somebody else. Jupesol is probably the best one, but you should definitely be staking your Sol, otherwise you're getting inflated away. That's the alpha. Let's keep going on. News in the Jupiverse here. This is a fun one from the community itself. Big congrats, the Jupedow grantees. People will remember a few weeks ago or a few months ago at this point, there was a fairly heated conversation on the Planetary call, which is our favorite kind of conversation. CWG, Meow, me and Soju were in it as well, talking about the grant process. I think that was much for the better because looking now at the grant process, constantly seeing the steady stream of talent coming through to do fun things in the Jupyverse has been awesome. So we have DeFi, JupJam, and Liam VDB are going to continue to grow the Jupyverse as well. They're going to be doing some stuff potentially on the music side and elsewhere. It's very fun. If, A, if you see them around, say congratulations. If they're in the chat right now, drop a little W for the homies. And if not, be inspired. This is your time to make something cool happen. You can just do stuff. You have an idea that's fun for Jupiter? You want to do merch or product videos or this, that, or the other thing? Apply for a grant on superteamearn.com. You'll get the funds within just a few days with 15 minutes worth of effort on the application process. People should get in. W for the homies, I see. Oh, and there is DeFi Joop Jam right there as well. Hopefully, you're going to see way more of these. How many of these do we have now, Soju? Do you know how many? Or maybe keep all those. I have lost count. There's so many amazing people in the Joop Reamers doing amazing stuff. Hold on, hold on. My team is telling me that we have one person who might know. Oh, if it isn't Kimo Sabe. Kimo, how many interviews have you guys done now through the CWG? I think we're at eight. Wow. Maybe nine. Quite a few. And there's quite a few in the pipeline. Yeah. So let's see. Liam is doing he's building out an AI platform so that you can kind of aggregate information and understand things better. He did a initial beta platform, which we use, and it was really good. You can kind of ask any question about the Jupyverse. It trolled the Discord chats, and it also aggregated everything from Jupyco and a bunch of other resources, and that would answer your question very well. But that was early beta. He's working on a much more advanced version of that that should be much better and accountable. for me on essays and all sorts of stuff and then deep I jupon jam is sort of another broadcasting General chat about all of the good thing that's going on in Jupiter around defy and Yeah, so that's that and then we also have later today another potential grantee is doing I'm actually co-hosting a a four-week design boot camp with her at Edamola. She's trying to spin up what looks like to be the future design working group. That happens in what, three hours? If you're interested in design or maybe become part of a design working group, come through. She's doing an excellent job. We're going to be finishing the branding of Jupe & Juice. - Is that the one that posted the tweet of like the cat with the Jupiter? - Yeah. - Is that the one? - Yeah, yeah, yeah. - Wow, yeah, the team saw that. - We all saw that. - We'll see if I can pull this up real quick. - Yeah, @juke_design_labs on Twitter. Also Instagram too. - Yeah, we all saw you on the team. - Yeah, she is kicking ass. - Yeah, go. - And put it on Design Team chat as well. She's been a long time planetary call. - Yeah. - So if you wanna go learn more about what these fine folks are doing, that is the place to go. Oh, I'm, hold on, now receiving additional breaking news of the Jupyter Design Lab. How do I pull this up on screen for anyone that hasn't seen this? This is harder than expected. There we go. Look at this. Look at this. jupiter design i mean just a beautiful event calendar if we just start uh start over there uh i think some very cool things great example by the way of just doing and making some good things happen out there in the world yep she has not received her grant yet yet she is saying okay well let's go still do it anyway uh and that's uh what we love to see that is indeed what we love to see all right we have an under uh we have a time limit to hit here uh kimo so i'm gonna kick you out thank you for being a little uh surprise guest if you love kimosawa and kind of missed his mustache. Well, I got good news. His mustache is coming back and so is chemo. He'll be back in about 30 minutes to talk about some jupiter feedback that the community has been giving over here. With that said, let's go just quickly through the rest of the Jupilverse news here. Big one, new channel. You wanted more Jupiter. We gave you more Jupiter. Uplink, the working group that I am a part of, has officially launched an Instagram page as a small test. If you are very good at Instagram, by the way, please get in touch. You can apply for a grant on Super Team Earn. I think this probably ends up as its own working group in the relative near term, but they want to miss an opportunity. So if you're good, we are always looking for good Instagram talent. And if you're just a fan of cool looking things and a fan of the Jubaverse, go to Instagram.com slash the Jubaverse to follow along. Some very cool shit is going on. over there. It just passed 666 in the first two days, which is not bad. But yeah, Instagram, a little fun backstory for anyone here. Can I share it? - Go for it, go for it. - That's a bad story that like, Jupiter actually spends a lot of money on like services that help us like prevent scammers, prevent people impersonating us and stuff like that. And those services were the ones taking down OutBeat's attempts to create an Instagram account. - It really is your own people that get you folks, trust me. Especially not the lady killer is what I'm now learning on this call. No, I know. Yeah. So when Fabiano's account got hacked, those are the people who also helped Fabiano get his account back. I'll let Fabiano share more stories about that later. But yeah, just FYI, we do a lot of things to keep you guys safe. And sometimes it's a bit too much. Even the people see you from cool animated shorts is what you were doing in this case. But it's pretty good. Pretty good. Anyway, go follow it. You'll be happy. I promise. I love whoever chats with me on your Instagram. Shout out to Uplink. I think that's mostly Yoda and Shrijani that are doing that. But they are doing some good stuff. Go follow it, folks, or I will come and attack you. And then... I think this is the last one, an ultimate one. Yes, the last one here. Cat's Den Bowl is officially happening, folks. Thank God, because I already booked my tickets. Istanbul, January 25th, 26th. Istanbul becomes Cat's Den Bowl. There's a beautiful venue under works, a crazy agenda. It's going to be unlike any conference you've been to before or any conference you'll go to in the future. Stick around. John is going to be talking to us about it in about 15 to 20 minutes, and you'll get all the information first, including things around subsidies. Remember, up to 500 community members will get $2,000 subsidies, stuff around the programming and how you might be able to participate. May or may not be a talent show and some other cool things are going to happen there, as well as other details that you will need to get going. So Cat Semble is coming. Burning Cat is coming. Hopefully, we're trying right now to figure out how to make that happen. It's not as easy as you would think to find a 30-foot cat and then light it on fire in public. Not as easy as initially conceived, I will say. But definitely don't want to miss this. I saw somebody asking earlier about the LG launchpad, what's happening there. Come to Cast Semble, you might find out. A bunch of things are happening on that side. Jujugirl needs the subsidy. Jujugirl, you're going to get the subsidy. I will grant it right now. Of course, if Jujugirl needs it, she's going to get it. Jujugirl, previously on Cadet's Corner. If you were on Cadet's Corner, you're good for a subsidy. You can just DM me if you don't get it. And I'll just take it out of Soju's multi-sig because I know his keys. Anyway, let's keep this stuff going. Will Jupyter have social logins in the future so newbies will not be complicated during onboarding, says Bella. Wow. you might have to come to cat stand bull bella you might hear something closer than you think yeah yeah yeah this is uh bella always been a sharp one uh but yeah definitely come to cat sample there's a ton of big there's one specific very large scale announcement that i'm uh really excited about but i think you will be as well That's something they call foreshadowing, folks. Somebody cut this into a clip after the announcement and show that I was excited about it beforehand. All right. Subsidy will be distributed after the event, correct? We'll get more into the details there. I don't want to steal thunder there. Do you think that with the new initiative, the current holders will be diluted, says Lucas? No, I don't think so. And all right, yeah, that should be good to go right now. All right, let's make this happen. Next up, we're going to talk about some product improvements. One of the coolest things about this call is the way in which you get this kind of unfiltered inside access to what the team is working on as well. The team is a critical part of the JUP, but obviously the JUP, you watching at home, are the other critical part of this. And so here you do something that you don't really get with any other protocols. which is a peek behind the curtain to see what is actually going on uh cash try hard mode engaged good stuff thank you very much i only for you yelly chris uh what we want to do right now is bring up the homie anyhow up on stage anyhow hi hey jam jam Drop a little DM in the chat for our guy, Anyhow, up late over in Singapore. What can you tell the people about Jupyter Perks? I'm in Malaysia. All right. Anyhow, it's nice having you. We'll see you later. So... Undermining the host in your first 30 seconds, a bold choice, Anyhow. Let's see how it plays out for you. Yeah, yeah. Let me talk about Jupyter Perks today. So during the past week, all the traders have been really bullish across all the exchanges, essential exchanges, disjointed exchanges, everywhere. And this resulted in very high funding rate in all exchanges, including Jupiter Perks. So last week, past 4-5 days, all our utilization has been around 100% for Solana and Bitcoin Long. This is a really bad experience for all our traders and also JLP holders. So if you ever went to Jupiter and you tried to press the button, it says "Accede available liquidity". It's not our fault and it's what Hao Jie is explaining right now. So, yeah, sorry. First of all, it's my fault. So it's very bad for Trader. There's no liquidity at all for Trader. Everyone wants to long but no liquidity on JLP pool. And it's also very bad for all the JLP holders because there's no trading volume because everyone already, no one is closing a position. Everyone is ultra bullish. Then JLP and trader are all not happy to me. and complain to me. Then we talked to Gondlet about what we can do, any parameters we can update to solve this problem. So basically, we did three things. So the first thing is increase the AUM limit. So before that, it's capped at $1.2 billion. And because everything hit 100% and there's not enough liquidity, so we increased it to get more liquidity. So JLP pool already increased to $1.5 billion. there are still a lot of room for you to put in to add in more JLP. So go to Jupyter, Jupyter, to add in JLP now. DCA, let me order, let me order JLP. - Works for everything. - Yeah, yeah. So this is the first one. The second one is, we basically moved the weightage from USDT to Solana. So we moved 3% of the weightage to USDT and Solana. So this encouraged more people to deposit using SOL and also swap USDT away from the pool to become SOL. So the main reason for this is also to increase Solana liquidity and also BTC liquidity. Then the third thing we do is basically we increased the borrowing rate of Solana and Bitcoin from 0.8 bps per 100% utilization. So we first increased to 1 bps and then after 12 hours, the pool is still 100% utilization and then we increased to 1.2 bps afterwards, after like 12 hours. So after all these three actions, we actually seeing like quite positive results now. For Bitcoin, the utilization rate is now around 80%, which is the best utilization we hope for because there are enough liquidity for everyone, not that super high borrowing rate and of course, the JLPT holder get the fee. And then for Solana, it's still around 95% to 97% or around that, but at least there are some liquidity for all our traders to The buttons work. The buttons work. The buttons do work. That is the critical thing. For anyone who does not know how Jupyter Perks works, the JLP pool is the liquidity pool that traders who are taking margin or taking leverage trade against. So when we talk about utilization, it means that there's nothing left to give to people to continue to trade, which is why the trading experience stops. Typically, this is balanced by the fees that you put on borrow rates, which is what Anyhow is describing here with the 1.2 bps. Because the more expensive you make it for going long, in theory, the market should go slightly less long and get balanced out. Beniz had a question, I think, around shorts that was interesting. Do shorts use up utilization or do they reduce utilization? I will put it slightly different. So for long, you basically use, if you longsoul, you use up the soul utilization. But when you short, either short BTC, Ethereum or Solana, you use USDC. So the USDC utilization is around, I think, 8% now. Not a lot of people short in our platform. Everyone is ultra bullish and long. All bears must die as Joe McCann likes to say. Yeah, unable to have been traded on the weekend, maybe a good fake baser. Well, it might've been good for your P&L, but certainly not the product experience that Jupiter's trying to put out. So hopefully that is better. better right now. Any other questions that people have about purpose? Well, we have anyhow here, the panda man himself. people thought running short as btz did the cause did no uh brawl says important update as always indeed jupiter purpose platform top three perps uh dex and all of crypto not just on solana uh possibly more than that if i can tell by soju's nod maybe it's top two now i don't know uh but it's a very good product thanks for acting fast says jupiter juice anyhow you have our support uh thank you very much Cool. Yeah, I think the Perpz team tries very hard to like balance, help build something that's good for the traders, good for the JLP, work with GONER, work with KDOS, so big shout out to them. Can we have a perpetual simulator to learn at JUPITER exchange? Fake tokens to learn how to... I don't actually know what this means. What does this mean? Like a paper account, he wants to be able to trade on Perpz without fake money and see how he learned the experience. Gotcha. My hunch is that we got to make sure that Jupiter Purpose works for real money first, like fully 100% of the time, and then go after the paper money. So hopefully soon. Richie says, Anyhow helped us during the weekend. Here's the good thing about Anyhow. He doesn't know what a weekend is. They never taught him this in school in Malaysia. They don't teach you what that is. But the man does work seven days a week, 24-7. You can spam him anytime. He's always happy to help. We can't use the workday. Weekend is the worst. Big day is also the big day. That's all there is. Scarlett says she'll do a review of how the Purpose platform has evolved this year. Great idea. Scarlett, as usual, with banging ideas. About 12 months old on the Purpose side. Gone from zero to now, whatever it is, a billion and change a day in volume. I think that sounds like a great thing for the next product call. Maybe anyhow, you guys can just do a deep dive into where it started to and where it is now. Yeah, yeah, for sure, for sure. Amazing idea, yeah. It's been about a year, right? Anyhow, yeah, let's do it. That's good stuff. Good stuff. Soju, anything else to throw in here on the perp side? No, I think just really, our perp team is amazing. So please go out, go use it, leave some feedback. Yeah, us know in the GLP and Perpetual Exchange channels, yeah. Shout out to Anyhow in Singapore. Let's call him the proudest Singaporean. Good to have you, Anyhow. See you, man. All right. That is Perps keeping the product updates coming. I have a very exciting one here. We're going to bring up a person who is returning to the call and one new person on the call. Please. Drop a little JM in the chat for Aaron, as well as, where did Kai go? Oh, there he is. Kai is about to come on, making sure that he's properly anonymized. Not yet properly anonymized, not properly anonymized, and now he's properly anonymized. Hey, what's going on? Kai, Aaron, how you guys doing? very good you're gonna have to speak uh kai so you know we'll have uh we've got to get the voice changer for the next call around here right now um but these two boys along with the rest of the team have been pushing forward on jupiter mobile please give me a little w in the chat let's get these guys a little excited if you have downloaded jupiter mobile and you dig it uh let's start here with the five f's of jupiter mobile uh and then we can kind of go into what has changed to make sure we deliver on these five s Aaron and Kyle, what are the 5Fs of Jupyter Mobile? Right, so we just launched our Dapp browser today together with the new wallet manager. And we actually use these principles actually to guide us. It's not conventional at all, but that's what Jupyter Mobile is. You can see here, we are building the fastest app across all of crypto. It's not just about Solana now. We're pushing the performance really to the max. For example, we are using like our whole app is native. So it's native dev. We're not using React Native or Flutter for Android. So on the side of iOS and also for Android, speed is super important. I mean, user experience amounts a lot to speed. And next thing will be free, right? There's plain day Jupyter for you. We don't charge a single platform fee or wallet fee for Jupyter Mobile. So you can trade for free, we don't charge you anything. Focused, I think it's just being very simple and being succinct with what we want to design. If you can compare Jupyter Mobile to all the other wallets, our app is super streamlined. The whole idea behind taking away tabs in Jupyter Mobile's browser is an example. We removed the idea of having to manage tabs and thinking I should delete one. I have 50 tabs open, why is it so? It should not be the case. Being very focused is very important. And of course, injecting our community in contributing to our whole application itself. So if you look at the browser now, right now you can see that cute little background. It's done by our community. So we voted on that. We went through a few different iterations. So we're just spotting it now. So I really love that cat. It's so cute. So yeah, injecting a bit of fun, right? It's been important and giving it life. What is this fifth F? How would you describe the importance of the fifth F as a principle of Vivid Mobile? Well, okay, we've come to this point. I didn't want to explain this, but what does Foxheart mean, right? In other words, we want people to come into this, into Jupyter Mobile and say, wow, that's fucking amazing. The whole application itself should give you that aura and should wow you. And if we don't ship something that's great and makes people go wow, then what's the point of shipping it? So that's the mentality that we have used across all the features in Jupyter Mobile. Yeah, I think it's one of the core values, actually. Yeah, you know, anytime you talk to Aaron, you'll be like, hey, Aaron, how's the weather today? He'll be like, this weather fucks hard. Like, hey, Aaron, how's the, do you like that dinner? Fucked hard. Man lives to fuck hard, basically, is what I would say about Aaron and Kai. Shout out to them. No fucks hard jokes in the chat. Yeah, this is a family-friendly show. Please remember that. Yeah, I think this all comes across. Somebody just said, yeah, Using the app makes every other app slow. Absolutely. Does it make other apps slow? I don't think that. Oh, it makes other apps feel like relative. I understand. Yeah. And then somebody said, what makes it better than other wallets? We're going to talk about that in just a second. But at a high level, Aaron, what is the one sentence reason why people should just use Juboogle over other mobile wallets? I guess it's the only app that you need now. everything is in there so it won't get better from here you know we have created a very good base so it won't get better so let's talk a little bit about the space I don't know Kai if you want to jump in or if Aaron's taking the slide as well but what has been shipped so far in JupyterMob right so I'll talk about swap I'll leave the app browser to Kai for swap I mean we are trying to build the most user-friendly and the most intuitive swap experience on mobile. So the first iteration of Jupyter swap on mobile removes all the complexity, right? We only give you adjustments to the dynamic slippage and your max cap and your max transaction fees. So far we've been reviewing how the swap works and whether in this market and this condition, whether you can ape into shitcoins using Jupyter Mobile. I mean, we've taken a lot of feedback about the rigidity we understand about Jupyter Mobile swap because there's less flexibility compared to Tube.ag's swap over in April. And it is one of the considerations we're taking very strongly and it is going to be working on an upgrade for the swap experience. It has to be better. It needs to be able to withstand the market changes, right? And I guess moving on, it will be the Dapp browser. Kai, I think. Yeah, I mean, the DApp browser kind of points to two of the apps that we talked about earlier. For me, that's fast and focused. You shouldn't have to wonder where everything-- Is that a third app? Probably just those two for now. Yeah, I don't know. One of those slips out of mind. But yeah, the two, you don't want to open an app and be wondering where all your favorite features are that are on other apps. And that's kind of what Aaron is saying is, you know, we're going to continue building. And this is a great feature that leaves you all of your DApps in one spot, one tap away. And fast, again, that's kind of the whole point of a crypto app. You don't want to be sitting there wondering if the actions you're taking are working or not. So that was another piece of this is how do you quickly get to the things that you like the most? Can we try showing it right now as well? Can we do a little, it is indeed only live on iOS right now. It's going to be coming to you mobile or to Android soon, I hope. Yeah, probably actually showed. Yeah, let me do a demo for that. Actually, I've got it ready here. Let's put you guys. Hold on. I'll just do a quick run through about the updates. The DA browser is located on the top right of the whole application across the board. If you want to swap, or for the portfolio page, you still see the app browser and it will be there. It will just stay there together with your wallet manager on the top left. And it's fully accessible on any page. Now, this is something I really love and I know it's minute, but it's what makes the experience so much better. Thanks to Kai. Look at this. I mean, need I explain how beautiful this is? The background is amazing, that's for sure. Shout out to Jupyterverse. I mean, you guys did an amazing job choosing the beautiful background. And yeah, I think we've removed all the complexities. So as you can see here, let me just search, for example, I think it's fine right in here. Right. And you want to go back into portfolio, just click it back. And guess what? We have the icon of the app on your top right. And it's just going to catch that memory right there across all pages. Right. So get an instant access back in there. Then we go home, it appears in your history. One thing that I think you guys might overlook is actually the auto-signing for our Jupyter apps. You guys can see this. Is it showing? It's black right now. I think you might have killed it. The joy of live tech demos. I'm going to show you this is a StreamYard problem, not a Jupyter wallet problem over here. Can this go now? Do you guys see this? Ah, might have killed it. Might have killed it. Let's leave some stuff to the imagination that people can-- Yeah, I think that's all I need to show you guys. Yeah. You've got to download the app ASAP. - Yeah, this is by far the nicest experience I've had with a phone wallet. I am so excited. It's really attractive. Drop a little W in the chat for the Dapp browser. I think that now there's no reason not to use. This was in fairness, a reason not to use Juke Mobile before. If you wanted to vote with your wallet, for example, like that, you couldn't really do it on your phone. That has now been solved. That wallet, it does something hard. I'm not gonna say what it does hard, but it does it very hard, whatever it is. Kai, anything else that you can share about the kind of design process that went into this and how you thought about the UX? I think with Joop being such a community-driven product, a lot of great ideas we have come from the community. We're constantly listening. Anytime something feels off on the app or it doesn't seem exactly how you expect it to work, hit us up on Discord, Twitter, the forums. We're always listening and trying to figure out ways to improve the product. Every tweet, every Discord message, every Discord ticket, someone on the mobile team or support team will see it. Somebody said that the Joob Dab is hotter than cash. Coming from my throne now. I ceded that throne to Soju anyhow, and Aaron, and Kai as well. If you could see all of Kai's face, you know he does something hard. I'm not going to say what it is, but he does something hard. All right, boys. Anything else? So if people do have that feedback, is there a specific way they should get in touch with you, or how do they make sure that it gets to you? Yeah, Discord. Yeah, I think Aaron's on Twitter. Let's post a tweet, yeah. Let's post anything, actually. Other teams are afraid of people tweeting in public, be like, oh, the product's not perfect. Doobler team is asking you to give your feedback in public. That's a little bit of a difference. Not everyone's built the same here. Excellent. Let's see. Anything else? There was one or two other questions. One around a hardware wallet integration. I'm putting you guys on the spot right now. Do you have any sense of how, when that timeline is going to be finished? Coming soon. That's all I can say. This is my favorite thing to do on this call. For anyone who does not know, they hate giving deadlines on this kind of stuff. And I love forcing them to say things in public. I like to say Andrew coming next month and hopefully that his shame forced him to help launch it that soon. We'll see. We'll see. Oh, and then another question on the Saga app. Is it live on Saga? Is Saga filming? I don't think it's compatible with Saga yet. But we'll get it there this year or next. I saw the mobile thing, thought about it. It's coming very soon. All right. Well, I think that's it. Unless anyone has something else they want to say about Juke Mobile? I think it's fucking amazing, guys. I go to Juke Mobile, try to use Jupyter's products, like pubs and all that from Jupyter Mobile. It's amazing. It just works. Yeah, we'll just give it a try. I saw a message by Cool Doll. Yeah, wallet preference settings. Cooking, we are cooking that. wallpaper reference. Yeah, a lot of customization coming as the app continues to get to a point where it goes off. I think one quick thing I wanted to add, which is my favorite feature, is that you can go to Drupal.ag on your Drupal mobile. You can DCA, email order, perps, vote, everything without signing. The experience is exactly the same as stopping on the main page, which is something that we can do because we own the mobile app and the and the platform the program and we can keep you safe we can white ease the correct programs we can make sure that if i'm using a wrong program or like scam like we will flag it and i warn you like it's amazing please try it out update your app download your ios yeah Pretty good stuff. Folks, go give Kai and Aaron a little follow. Go give them a little bit of love. They've been grinding for a while to make this happen. And now it is true. Zoom mobile, fast, focused, free, fun. It's a mother of fifth thing. Aaron, Kai, thanks so much for coming out, guys. We'll catch you very soon. Bye, boys. All right. Let's keep going on now. We are at 53 minutes, so it's going to be tight on the over-under. Shout out to Rune Christensen, who is being very patient in the wings room. I promise we'll get to you. But before we do, a shout out to my boy, Joe Takamaya, one of the best in the business. We have a few more sections that we want to go through. We're going to talk about Jupiter, we're going to talk about Cat Stemble, and then we're going to hear from Rune and everything around Skye's new arrival on Solana. But before we do, I'm going to bring on a... There's no other way to put this. She's a fan favorite. Or I should say, they're both... Well, everybody on this call is a fan favorite, but she is a particular fan favorite. Please drop a little JM in the chat for the Empress of the Joobiverse, Meow's boss, and Soju's boss, and my boss, and everybody else's boss. Well, not my boss, actually, definitely. I only report to you, dear voter. Everybody else reports to Mei. Drop a little joke like that for Mei, the nine-year-old intern herself. How you doing, Mei? I'm just intern, man. I'm just intern. Just intern. Hello, JM, JM. That's what Julius Caesar said before he took over the Roman Empire. That's what Mei is saying before she takes over the Jukeverse as well. Mei, what can you tell us about Jubuary 2024? Yes, Jubuary is happening again. Um, it's just that time of the year again. And so last year after GPRE, our volumes exploded and I made a joke, I laughed. I was like, oh, good luck to the next intern. It's going to be tough. And then one year later, joke's on me. It's me again. GPRE is here again. Steal my shit. So yeah. The punishment for the work is more work, Mei. Uh, so there you go. This is your life now. Yeah. Fuck life. So yeah, we don't know where the vote would go yet, but we started working through the data and preparing in advance because there's just so much complexity and stuff that we need to go through and to work through. The scale has completely changed. There is a lot more data, a lot more transactions. Our product range has increased so much from just swapped in our limit orders, DCAs and all that. Coins on Solana used to be like a thousand coins in total. Now you have 70,000 new coins a day. And that creates a lot of complexity for us in terms of getting the accurate pricing data for all of your transactions. So, yep, we need to get started because we want to give you the same level of care that we did last year in attributing you well. So, yeah, we started going through stuff. Yes, it is a whole new ballgame. A whole new ballgame this year. So I'll just share about some of the things that the engineers are working very hard on behind the scenes so that you get an insight into what we are doing for you. So this year, we can no longer run queries on Postgres. We can't even do account anymore. So we had to migrate a lot of our transaction data to data warehousing solutions. And there's a bit of a learning curve there. We had to spend some time moving the data over and learning new stuff so that we can figure out what's going on. And also, We had to do some work to attribute USD volume for you. So when you trade coins, for example, you trade like 10 tokens of shitcoin A to 20 tokens of shitcoin B, we don't actually know what is the USD volume. And if we want to compare across different products for different users, we need a common denominator, which is in USD. we have to go through all the transactions in the past year and attribute the US dollar volume for all your shitcoins that you're trading. So we started with- Rough number of transactions made? Do you have like a just a general ballpark sense? I don't even want to count. I don't know if you just think forever to return that data but like a shit ton. What? More than 100 million you think? Yeah, I think so. Like number of transactions, right? Yeah, way more. Way more than that, yeah. My God. So yeah, we're doing different things. We're looking at our core prices of major coins when we can. If not, then we have to infer from related sub data in the past like one minute, 15 minutes, and basically doing this in a very iterative way until we get to a coverage that we're satisfied with. And I think right now we are at about 98, 99% of data with good USD volume that we're happy with. Yeah, we all keep going. We also had to pass process and unify transactions across our wider product range. And they all have very different on-chain patterns. So if you look at DCA and limit orders, they are orders that are opened by the user and then later executed by keepers. So we have to reattribute that public key from the keeper back to the user. Yeah, stuff that we have to do to get all of that for you, flattening transactions to give you a good number. And then after that, we had sanitized data. We looked at things like wash trading data, illiquid coins with inflated US dollar values, bad AMMs, and we'll try to clean all of that out so that we can give you... good data and also we had to track and attribute our transactions into different buckets whether these are transactions or bought transactions but it's a stable to stable stop so to stop so that we can look at all of that in summary and figure out how we will want to attribute our users So yeah, I thought the sushi cat kind of explains what our engineers are doing because they need precision. They need a lot of patience to make you good food. Just want to let everyone know that these are extremely hard problems. Having reliable USD prices for every crypto asset is hard. Having reliable USD prices for every crypto asset on every crypto, on every SOC, on every Jupiter over the past one year. Yeah, it's huge. May is needing a very big effort to help everyone know exactly how much volume you did. whether and remove like wall trading whether you're buying and selling uscc or like back and forth only like stuff like that so reach out bit tense and yeah yeah but the great thing is this year is not not me i can no longer do it on postgres locally uh we have a whole team of engineers now and they are all like all hands on deck doing stuff for you so yeah everyone is it's working hard I don't envy you guys, that is for sure. But making sure that going through all of this kind of data is going to take a long while. Let's talk a little bit about this kind of like Sybil resistance, because I know that this is a major thing and all the feedback people are very curious about. How are you guys thinking about Sybil resistance here? Yeah, this problem is really important for us. So last year, we airdropped 1 million wallets. this year just by looking at a simple count of wallets or swap alone, not including the other products. We have more than 10 million unique wallets. So we have to go out there and figure out who are the real pets. in the Jupyverse. And this is very important to us because we want to reward the real users meaningfully. And if we want to reward them meaningfully, then we have to be more stringent in what we are searching for this year. So we are investigating and prototyping a range of ways for us to understand you as a user and understand that you are real and just doing regular stuff. So we are looking at various on-chain activities of a wallet. We are looking at fee-paying activity of a user. We are investigating if we should allow users to submit a profile and link different wallets together, sign on these wallets and tell us you own all of them so we can understand your on-chain behavior and know that, okay, this is like stuff that a regular human would do. And then look at potentially some form of identity verification, but we will be very careful to be sure that we are not saving any of the data or like we maintain privacy for you. And we will take all of that into consideration and give you a range of options. So yeah, none of this is set in stone, but it is very, very, very important to us because we want our real users to be rewarded well. And so we have to get rid of the noise. This is where I think Meow on a previous call had said that most wallets will not get the jupyuri allowance. And that is, this is where that's coming from. So it's not like, oh, people will not be getting it. It's just simply that there are a lot of wallets that have interacted in some way. Got to make sure that those are real. Tony Does Crypto asks, how many wallets is too many for a single user? Is there too many? We don't know. We haven't looked at what you're doing. Look at what you're doing with your wallets. Indeed. And this is just for Swap, just to bring that back. So there might be even more that are using limit orders, DCA, perps. Yeah, I think fee paying stuff on perps and all that should be fairly indicative that you're real. But Swaps is different because you can churn a lot of volume without paying fees. You can write broads, you can use someone else's platform, lots of stuff. A big shout out to the team, there's all these Twitter posts like "Oh, Drupal is just for the team to reward 10 million of their own wallet" "Oh, Drupal, you all go towards airdrop farming villages in different places" This time, it's a gift, we're taking it a lot seriously. We want to make sure that you are really checked. Yep. So if we ask you to do some of these things, we understand that it can be like a bit of a pain or like troublesome. But hey, if you want to be, you know, if you want the real people to be rewarded, well, these are some of the things we have to do this year because there's just no way we are airdropping 10 million bullets. Yeah. You guys, have some food as we cook. This is one of those like suffering from success kind of things, right? Like the on-chain universe is growing, which is great. That's why we're all here. We want more people on-chain, but it does create some more complexities, clearly. So please drop a little prayer emoji in the chat for May. We need all the support you can get. Are we doing No Cats Left Behind this year as well, May? Sorry, I didn't catch that. Are we doing No Cats Left Behind? Is there going to be like an adjudication process or not sure yet? I don't know, I think last year it took me like three months of extra work after hours to get that done. It was for last year, this year. Which is 10x smaller than this one. There's no programmatic way for us to do that stuff, it's very customized and time consuming so yeah we don't know but we yeah we'll say look at all the prayer emojis let those give you strength uh you will summoning circle if you are in uh singapore center some cupcakes or something like that uh this is a big deal but uh and just one quick reminder as it says over on this side this all requires a vote passing so until the vote passes it's not clear exactly what jubara is going to be the scales and how it'll work so So all of that is coming. But as May said, got to prep now because if it does pass, which hopefully one of the proposals will, a lot of work to be done. Cool. Anything else to jump in here on Jupytery? Yeah, the team who puts the shit. And they're just working so hard and doing all that they can to get you the best deal they can. Jonah, Yanhee, Xin Yang, Yongji, and Ricardo. Shout out to all of them. Need a few more Mays. Unfortunately, there is only but one May. Sorry, FedEx. But thankfully, Jupiter's already got it, so that should be helpful. All right. Cool. Mae, thanks so much for coming on and for the good work. All right. Thank you. See you guys again soon. Bye-bye. What was that? You wanted more Jubuary discussion? Well, don't worry. We got you covered. We're going to bring up next, you already know them, you already love them both. Let me bring up Jules, a.k.a. Julian, and the Sabe of Kumo himself. Hey, guys. in the last few days. How are you feeling? 10,000 pieces of feedback in and go on. Good. I'm on like four hours of sleep. I found this little eye cream for my eye bags and that's helping. We will be the judge of that. Let's make you big. The eye cream, yeah, looking pretty good. Looking pretty good, I got to say, as usual. All right, let's go through. So I think what you guys wanted to do here was go through some of the feedback sample of the takes and opinions here to communicate to the rest of the world. I think while the team, while Mei is working hard, churning the data and everything, the community is also working hard in terms of giving their perspectives and feedback on the proposal and trying to really help the team, help Mei out as well to shape the best proposal that will get to the, hopefully, eventually, from the team's perspective, at least, to hopefully get to the 70% mark, which is a pretty high watermark for a vote to pass, to get to the supermajority mark. and it could be this vote or it may require one or two more votes. We do not know yet. So I think at this point, we want to take the time to really look through maybe a sample of feedback and different takes and different opinions from the community to give people a sense of what are the different opinions that are out there as well as just maybe highlight some points that maybe we already have some responses to or some things that the team is thinking about. Yeah. Yeah, I think also all of pretty much every Jupiter becomes top of mind for not only this whole salon ecosystem, but crypto as a whole. I think like if Twitter mentions were a meme coin, we would be at a multi-billion dollar market cap. I actually saw someone track the mentions on Twitter on a chart. It was like this and it went exponential. It was like 150,000 plus mentions. It's like, oh my God. Okay. An hour or something, 150. Yeah, it was a lot. It was a lot of mentions. But yeah, so I think like, Just kind of going through these, these aren't like mine or Jules' opinion at all. This is just sort of highlighting what people have said in all sorts of different directions and kind of highlighting the diversity of thought that's going into this. This guy on the screen says he wants one more jubilee wearing, but not in 2026, just this year. And then forget the rest. Which I think is interesting. I think most of these opinions are thought out through a frame in which it makes the most sense for each individual person, which means it's valuable. Let's shout out to this Yongyi Crypto on Twitter. He actually wrote a really, really long thread to explain his detailed opinions and thoughts about the vote. So if you can, check out his profile and take a closer read. Yeah, the main points for him was that he basically said that the jupuaries have already been priced in, right? So he said like, okay, you know, we've known about jupuary since the first jupuary and since the jupuary is instantiated. And also he made the argument that locking or vesting turns airdrops into like a future threat. You know, like, okay, well, there's a cliff there and there's all these unlocks there and, you know, people get worried. about that supply overhang and all this stuff he said that it needs to be distributed just get it over with um yeah yeah and the same guy right jules same guy yeah same guy it's a visual like a long day actually yeah can't just say how much i'd love to see a love to see a drupal whale Just in general, I think jupoils are great. I think everybody agrees the most handsomest, the prettiest, the most charming, et cetera. If you're a jupoil, shout out to you. But really the depth of thought here as well Impressive stuff. Impressive stuff. It's been cool to see all these kind of detailed, thoughtful takes where people take this as seriously as they would take anything else because they really feel that they have some ownership over the protocol here, which is great as well. Yeah. And you actually see these things on like both sides, right? Both those who are voting yes and those who are voting no. They give like very reasoned and well-argued, you know, takes as well. And I think it comes from like different perspective. And I think really like the team's role here is really to look at these different things and try to like find the best path forward and kind of lead the community forward, right? In a sense, yeah. Makes sense. I see Adele asked a question here in the chat. It's probably just worth, because I've seen this come up a bunch, which is like, why is this even a vote? This was supposed to be in the tokenomics to begin with. How would you guys respond to that? Traditionally, in most token projects, you have a team that's sort of dictating how the supply is distributed. Either that's to VCs or if it is distributed to the community, they're making all the decisions. I think the community that has the token being able to decide on these things is pretty much as bullish as it gets because that's my token. I get to choose what my alignment looks like rather than having someone else decide it for me. And so that can be a decision like the supply burn or that can be a decision like jupuary or not. So I think like there's nothing necessarily bad about it. It's just about how do we effectively balance all of the things as a community? Like what Yanni said was, you know, like he was as as a whale saying like, well, we do need to distribute this, right? Because we still need to decentralize the token supply, right? We need to get that into as many hands as possible. But we want to make sure that we're balancing that with the governance people that are already here. And he kind of highlighted like the fundamental issue there, which is like we need to look at there needs to be like a good community feedback loop because you have to be able to balance the existing community with the future community. And you can't do that if you're just like telling them what to do. - Yeah, I think these tokens are community tokens. So the community decides to do the community tokens. And it's a community mission. All of this is for the community. So if the community is against it as well, then yeah. But ultimately, yeah. - I think Anis has usual crushing it in the chat here. The engagement we've shown shows exactly why it should be a vote. This kind of vote, what do you do? Fundamentally, they get more people interested in talking about Jupyter. They get more people thinking seriously about governance rather than just like, all right, just vote yes and say, fuck it. And more than anything else, they kind of like give us a reason to share the ideas and refine the principles that actually define the Jupyterverse. So decentralization is one. There was a take from the Jupyter Research Forum around it as a governance token. Yeah, so this is actually an interesting take as well, in the sense that he kind of argues that you know like jup is a governance token and therefore it should only go to users who care about governance and he thinks that jup should be discontinued in favor of more asr right yeah a hot take a hot take indeed how about unstable so so this is this is actually interesting um so i think shout out to tadi right um you know that's that's definitely one of the most uh poetic comments yeah let me read it let me read it on a really dramatic voice real quick please please not saying yes jupuary will necessarily keep jupiter a low float but it acts like an anchor While anchors provide stability, we all know that ships aren't meant to remain anchors anchored in calm waters. They're made to sail. Kimo is going to be doing an audiobook of all 10,000 pieces of feedback out of this. This is actually, if you go into the Joop General chat, whenever there's like someone who's particularly fuddy or like mean to someone, what I do is I... I read it out loud to the entire chat and I send a little voice note in there because it takes it down a notch. It's like, you know. Very cool. And then on the other side, or is it? Yeah. So on the other side, I think, you know, he's some arguing that like, the no vesting is kind of wild, right? It's kind of, it might cause like some instability to like the token price, for example, right? Yeah. Is it just me or are you skipping those who are saying why they voted no much faster than yes? Not intentionally. Jew, I guess. Not intentionally. We can stay on this one for a while if you want. I know. And I think actually, like, just to push back against that, since Mayo's not here, I will take on some of the trolls in the chat. If the goal was just to show the yeses, do you think we'd fucking include the nos? Like, obviously, no. The idea here is very much to kind of show that, A, there are reasonable arguments on both sides. I think, like, that's the fundamental point behind all of this, is that it is not like if you are not comfortable with this, you are a bad person or unaligned or something like that. There are very reasonable perspectives on why people are not feeling comfortable over here. And we want to make sure everyone hears all the arguments so that people can kind of understand what the community sentiment is really like. Yeah, I think that one's, you know, perfectly legitimate argument. You're just talking about like, you know, it's trade-offs. It's not like the one answer is right or wrong. It's simply like, okay, is vesting better than doing it all at once? And that's purely opinion, right? Like there is no necessarily right or wrong answer there. It's just a different way to do it. People might feel very strongly about one or the other, but it's like important to highlight both because both are perfectly valid. Both have been done as historically by other projects. Both have probably gone well or gone poorly by other projects. So it's just a matter of deciding what is best for us as a DAO. I'm going to say a little extra shout out to Matto if we can highlight his comment here. Matto over here about the research thing, wanting to go with more ASR. I said update. Totally open to jupuary after hearing the discussions on the jup and juice panel. So shout out to a shout out to jup and juice That's out there that's the this is even better What we love to see is people not like being stuck in their ways one way or another right and listening to reason listening to the community's input That's good stuff. Let's keep going through it here. Uh, we have a little the opposite of improv here We have a little no, but I think there are many people in the community who are like, I'm voting no on this proposal. But if some changes are implemented, then they are open to voting yes. So I think some of these things are like, they're hoping that it will be better deployed over time. There may be some locking, there may be some-- unknock penalty, right? And over here, I think this guy is saying like adding jup to like the perps pool as well, which is kind of interesting. Yeah. How about some of these different perspectives that we have over here? Yeah. So I think this is another one where like, you know, he's saying that he is probably going to, he's going to vote no, but then if like there are some changes here, he will reconsider. So making the airdrop smaller, distributing a staked jup rather than as free jup with no vesting. How about this one here? This guy just said that. That's a lot more fun. He's the one who signed up. As an American. Yeah, I think there's generally just a huge amount of diverse takes because you do have a lot of different cats in the Jupyverse. And I think that's kind of... One of the things about a lot of these votes that I enjoy, especially votes like this, which is you can sort of crowdsource the best answers just by simply putting out something with a little bit of information. Because if you give people too much information, they'll start debating about very specific things. But if you give them just enough information, they'll debate about what they're actually interested in. And I think that's essentially what's happening. Aaron asked, will there be a new snapshot taken if this vote doesn't pass? No. And then also, let me just respond to this one over here. Now, this is, I need a band that says Cash's opinion. I'm not speaking for Jupiter or anybody else. But I will say this. If you are using Jupyter in the hopes of farming for Jubilware, you are doing it wrong, my friend. There's a very clear reason why, unlike many other protocols, there's no explicit point program where like, OK, every dollar of volume here adds-- because Jupyter is trying to build the best products that create real value. Jubilware is a gift on top of it. It's not meant to be there to incentivize anybody to use things. So if you are literally only using it for Jubilware, not going to make it unfortunately uh the fees are insane if you don't find the fees useful and find the product quality useful and liquidity useful and all that kind of stuff you shouldn't use it it's as simple as that uh but at the same time can't say uh i can't i can't agree with this but i do like the fact that it's being said in public at least but i i do think that this view is kind of like i mean i've seen this same opinion or like the same view quite a few times right across um Twitter as well as like sometimes in the research forums and things like that yeah so it's it's quite um I mean people are saying this but I'm not sure like how true it is actually you know yeah yeah it's more about like we're just made mostly showing the things that people have said about it whether it's good or bad or we agree with it or not yeah yeah let's talk about this uh this risky factor here Yeah, so this one I think is more about vesting again. So like we write initial proposal meow said Oh, maybe there will be like 75% haircut if you if you claim immediately Since that has been walked back and it was like simply claim your claim your jup This is not necessarily set in stone in any meaningful way, but I think there's very strong opinions on either side I think But yeah, Nucky made a very, I think, a good appeal to emotion and then also appeal to just general tokenomics here. And yeah, that's a good take. Use the tech because it's useful, someone says in the chat. Yeah, fair take as well. I think we have a few more over here. One, Jubisome. That is one. So this is actually from the verified feedback from the voting, like one of the verified feedback from the voters. Yeah. Let's see. Basically saying the last jupyary allowed them to personally engage more with Jupiter to connect to the ethos and the community and some things around trust and so forth. So some support from over on that side. Got a blank slide over here. What's going on? There we go. Disagree. And then somebody else, verified feedback saying that they disagree. Yeah, so I would. Oh, yeah, you go. Oh, no, I'm going. I'm going. Yeah. So this is sort of covering a bit of what we've already said, which is to say, like, I don't want to do this. Here's why. And I think this is actually very interesting. The verified feedback is a much more, I guess, direct source because right. Like it's talking straight from voters to the team to the DAO. Whereas on social media, right, there's the other factor, which is the engagement factor. So that's how you get a lot of misinformation. With this feedback, it's a direct line of communication. This voter said that they want to see, you know, a meaningful lockup. They want the stakers to have a drop and they want a penalty for immediate claim. I think this is a great point to get into slorg thread there is no reason stakers won't receive the drop meow has said that he wants the drop to be all inclusive of jupiter users and that includes stakers um slorg has written a great thread on x uh to clarify and misinformation i just threw that screenshot on there but you can grab it on his twitter profile um there's a lot of questions around uh let me grab my i'll just pull it up and go over it yeah let's go through it super fast otherwise so just gonna lose this bet uh on the over yes oh what if i want soju we gotta get it yeah very quickly i can speak i can speak very quick So our speakers excluded from jupy. The answer is no. Will there be vesting based on the current version of the proposal? The vesting requirement was eliminated. However, in the event that the proposal does not pass, new feedback will be incorporated. If the proposal doesn't pass as jupy or a dead short answer, no, we'll just do another proposal. What is the point of this vote? It's ultimately about growing the pie. Now, what exactly does that mean? We take for granted how much Jupiter has grown since last year. For example, you know, Jupiter volume has grown 45 times alone in the last year. We've become the largest Dow in Web 3, and this was all achieved in one year. So, but, you know, Jupiter wants to be bigger than we are today. So we want to aggregate everything and we want to become the most transparent and aligned DAO. And that requires growing users, that requires empowering existing users, existing stakers, existing voters. Right. So grow the pie. And then isn't 700 million a lot of tokens? There's a few things to consider. This is 30 percent less than the initial plan that we all set out to have. Right. There was 40% of the initial supply marked for potential jupuaries. This release is 30% less than it was originally because of the token burn. 700 million is about 7% of the token supply, which is again, 30% less than the initial jupuary. And then also additionally in most token scenarios, tokens go to VC and insiders. This is going to users in the community. Why aren't there more career criteria? Meow has stated a few things about this. He wants to keep this vote pure, meaning that people aren't voting exclusively to benefit their own bags. The distribution is meant to be inclusive, so everybody in the community. And then obviously Meow's life work is Joop. And yeah, the last one we already covered, but if you want to go read those, they're on Slorg's profile, at Slorg of the Slugs. And that pretty much wraps that. Very nice. So folks, the vote is going to go on until November 29th, which is Friday. Hopefully you'll be like Matto and some other community members who are still taking the feedback, being open to change your mind one way or another. Maybe, what'd you say? Sorry, to end it off, there's like one last comment from the verified voters that I think we wanted to show. So this guy goes like, first thing first, I'm for jupiteri, but I voted no because I want to see your conviction. So convince me to vote yes and convince the community that you're the leader that they need. Are you truly up to the challenge or will you fall when the fart looks like it overtook you? So I think his idea here is really just he wants to see more chaos and he wants Meow to try harder to convince him. Meow tries any order, the man might pass out. The guy is putting his whole into it. So whoever this is, I hope that you keep that in mind. Give Meow a kiss is what we say. A big sloppy wet cat kiss. All right, folks, that is it from the jubilee side. So we got to hear a little bit from May in terms of how if jubilee happens, the airdrop will be kind of constructed to avoid Sybil's and make sure that it's going to real cats and not just farmers, which is one major piece of feedback that's come through. And then we got to hear a bunch of other feedback, both on the yes and the no side. You got two more days to vote. Go make your opinion heard. Are you comfortable? Are you not comfortable? And we will take it from there. Kimo, Jules, thanks so much for coming out, boys. Thanks for having me, Josh. We'll probably see them every week to do this until this vote passes. Let's hope it passes the next one because I'm not so sure how many times we can spend half an hour to do this. Next time, Kimo said he's going to do a TikTok dance the whole time as well. I'm just going to... I'll take that. That sounds amazing. Yeah. Excellent. Thank you very much, boys. We'll catch you very soon. All right. We have one more segment before we hear from Rune Christensen from Sky. Hopefully he is still there. We love you. But let's talk a little bit about Katstan Bull. And to do that, we're going to bring on the showrunner herself. Drop a little jam in the chat for her. Gian, Gian, how are you feeling? Hello. Hi, everyone. Jam, jam. Feels good to have you here. What can you tell people about Katstan Bull? super exciting. I think I've been a little, yeah, I've been a little like not on social media, on Twitter. So I'm, cause I'm heads down, like planning, looking at all the, all the stuff. So we bought Cat Stumble, but really our first ever Jupyverse conference where I think it's quite crazy how no matter what happens to the vote, Cat Stumble is confirmed in January 25th to 26th. So our, i would like to see you there so because it's all about you so i think i'm getting really excited i think the team knows uh how excited i've been just trying to plan this conference for everyone yeah so yes it's all about you so i would want to see everyone there if possible i know that some people are asking that whether it's live stream or not so more details will be given later but yes if you have not already applied do apply to QR code. I'd see cash like zooming in, apply now, now, now. Take five seconds, scan and apply now. Yeah, so yeah, I was trying to find, I myself and all the working group do look through all the applications. So yeah, we do have more than like, I think like I just checked about more than like 700 like you know, just form and I think this is only the chart time we really send out this QR code. So yeah, so it's quite, yeah, we do take some time to scan and do everything. But we do, yes, banger agenda. I read most of your tweets for the hype for Cat Stumble tweet that I didn't cash in the last, last, last, last planetary call. So we fit it into like five different categories that you can expect in real life. So of course, announcements, all sorts of announcements, whether it's product, whether it's partnerships, new initiative, all the announcements you can look forward to. Second one, a little bit like Disney, princess meet and greet, we will have the meow meet and greet. I think I saw so many tweets. Inspiration from the way we got this is the princess meet and greet. Yes. Yes. Yes. That's the inspiration. I'm very. Yeah, no for sure because I was like when I read everyone's tweet about "I wanna meet now, I wanna talk to him, take his photo" I was like that's a Disney princess meet and greet. So we're gonna have it. Can you ask for it? We're gonna have it. So yeah, we're gonna have the meet and greet. Third one, attractions. So things like experiential booths, especially with the new announcements that we will be rolling out for the different platforms. Photo spots. I think you know cute little things that we're trying to make it more community friendly very community focused i think that's what my plan is for the conference uh for performance i think we're all long overdue for like a talent show yay we keep talking about how talented the community is i think this is the time to show it so yeah we'll have a little talent show Don't be surprised if I slap ping you guys. Yeah. And I feel, yeah, of course. Would you? Well, Diego is saying that I will sell kisses for 100 jupe. And let me just say, I'm not undervaluing my kisses, my guy. Substantially, I mean, jupe is valuable. 100 jupe is not nearly enough. Other than that, I will be watching from the sidelines, I think, during this one. But the talent show is going to be great. Yeah, I would love to see Kimo dance. I would love to see, you know, whatever we have been talking about in all the pandering falls. So I think that would be quite interesting. Please no. Is meow going to be costuming as a Disney princess? I doubt it. I might lose my job if I suggest this. Remind the entire community that we owe the community meow in the cat costume. we haven't even mentioned it yet and i wanted to see that i remember yeah it's gonna be like a halloween costume for like a sorority girl uh that's what he's gonna give to me how to wear on stage maybe we'll make it pink We'll see. Yeah, so performance and of course, I think very importantly, what makes Jupyter, like in Jupyter style, our pancake call. And also like all about the transparency on the adding things that we talk about a lot in our calls and online on Twitter. I think it's so different when we have this kind of processes in real life as well. Yeah. So yeah, I think one word. Isn't it an amazing opportunity to bring everyone together and celebrate bringing part of the 2Pverse together? Things that we do, like we've all watched Mira's scene on Planetary Crawl, right? I mean, why not see her scene in person? Or we have all seen Dionysus go through all the numbers for transparency audit. We can see DJ Mung doing it in person. It'll be an amazing time for the 2Pverse, yeah. 100% so I have like one last slide well the answers for all the curious cats I know we have a lot of questions because of like the updates and also where exactly will Kassan will be held uh we'll reveal it next week um really cool things yeah so next week yeah we will yeah okay when subsidies confirmation as well so yes we have an up to 2k subsidy for the um each applicant you know just apply from the same qr code you show we were showing so the first batch of subsidy confirmation will be out tomorrow Yes, it will be tomorrow. So check. Tomorrow. Tomorrow. I think it's the critical. Yes. So if you don't get it, don't panic. It will come. I think. Yes. If you panic, it's okay. You can tag me on Twitter and I will assure you to not panic. Yeah. So that's good. Yes. Can you say what side of the box first? Is this on the European side or the Asian side? I've seen this question come up a bunch. I am so bad at geography. Okay, I'll just do this straight. Okay, it's beautiful. Okay, where the location is going to be, you will have a beautiful view of the Bosporus. Okay, so I think, yeah, we will, I don't know if this helps anyone. It's within like the old city. The left. Is it the left? I'm not sure. But I think news my way through. So yeah, you'll be in the OC. So if that helps anyone to make any decision, that's where it is. It will be tickets. So yes, tickets are free, but we got to get real cats and some logistical stuff. So we are going to have a refundable deposit in June. So everyone who applied and say that I know I want to come, I don't need any subsidies, stuff like that. We're going to email you real soon for this refundable deposit before we give you the ticket. So yeah, that's all. Guys, this is a conference that is free for everyone to attend. We are not also going around asking people for hundreds of thousands of dollars to pay for the conference. This is from Jupiter to all the users. And we really want to help make sure that everyone who can make it in will show up. So a refundable deposit when you apply allows us to sort of gauge the numbers accurately. And even if you don't apply in advance, you can also show up and if there's space, we will definitely welcome you in with open hands. - Callum asked, can you use steak jute for this somehow or it's gotta be liquid jute? - Yes, liquid, yeah. - Liquid, yeah. But it's good, for the next few months, you know, forced order. It's probably good for everybody. We'll share more Cat Stumble updates along the way, so yeah, stay tuned. Excellent. I cannot f*cking wait for Cat Stumble and for Burning Cat in particular, if we can make that happen. Just highly recommend it. We are working really hard to make it happen. We also have two amazing backup plans. Like, we might blow some shit up, we might do some drone stuff, there's fireworks. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Not revealing it, like, yeah. Yeah, but don't worry. Something big will happen. So let's not do this, like, oh, will it happen? Something will happen. So... - Well, I can assure you that a lot of things are gonna happen at Katz and Bull. You should definitely come out if you can. Fill out this form. I'll show this QR code one more time just so people can apply right now in case you need a subsidy or just let us know that you're coming. Maybe you wanna be a part of the talent show. Maybe you wanna give a workshop. However you wanna get involved, everything is in here. Yes, bring warm clothes. Istanbul in January is a little chilly. Excellent. As always, John, thank you so much for putting this all together. We will see you very soon. Yeah. Sorry, that was a more aggressive cutoff than I meant to, but she was just saying, yeah, I hope. All right, yes, and Meowth can do a freestyle rap, hopefully. With all of that said, let's get into our final section here. I'm very proud to announce that Soju has lost his under, even after changing the terms, as expected. And now what we're going to do is bring on a key partner, into the jupiter's now in this section what we like to kind of point out is that obviously jupiter is composed of the team and the community but also all the partners that make it the jupiter's and not just jupiter the platform uh and now uh really excited to bring somebody that I'm going to be a little bit of a fanboy for you, Rune. Me too, man. Me too. But Rune, I've been a fan of yours since I first got into crypto. I think MakerDAO, now Sky, has been kind of pushing forward what is possible in crypto from a decentralization perspective, from a value creation perspective, and just from an experimentation perspective. Drop a little jam in the chat, folks, for Rune, the co-founder of Sky. How you doing brother? The most patient man in crypto. Thank you for bearing with us as this call went a little long here. I think it's super, it's very soothing to listen to a governance call while sitting and doing work. Reminds me of the first person in history to call my voice soothing. And I do appreciate that, my friend. I was made fun of earlier on this call for talking too much, actually. So it's good to have you here. For anyone that does not know, can you talk a little bit about Sky, the relationship to MakerDAO, and what you guys are building? Yes, so Sky is the upgraded, transformed and extended version of MakerDAO, really building on top of the original track record and legacy of, I guess, the oldest DeFi project still running today. And really, the main thing was to kind of transform Maker from, I guess, what I would call a sort of a build-it-and-they-will-come project to a you know an app a product uh a sort of meet you know meet the users where they are approach to building in crypto so with that that includes you know include the rebrand to sky and the stablecoin uh upgraded to usds although die is still around and it's like a very favorite you know very uh very favorite very uh you know widely used stablecoin ethereum maintenance but with usds it's just it's way more familiar it's easier for people to get what it does, and then it's designed to be natively multi-chain. And then so that's why the Solana launch of USDS that, you know, well, I guess it's eight days ago now. So far there is what, 90 million, I think, USDS already bridged to Solana. And that was a key part of the strategy from the start to, you know, if you want to kick off a serious multi-chain strategy, obviously Solana is the place to go after Ethereum mainnet. So I'm super excited that how it went and all the, you know, the great welcome from the community, which is like a different experience and really awesome. It's definitely good to have you here. I think before we go talk a little bit more about the Solana launch and USDS in particular, Jupyter has a lot of folks who are relatively new to crypto. They kind of started with Solana and they're maybe just starting to trade and they come to these calls to learn a little bit more what's going on, which means they might have missed some of the kind of scale updates. of MakerDAO now Sky. Just to give people, because I really want everyone who's watching this to understand how big of a deal this is. Can you put any numbers to it that help people understand the scale of what you guys have been building over the past, whatever it is, six years? Yeah, so the total TVL of Sky is more than... - Oh, the number's so big, the camera broke. Unable to play, yeah. This is a stack overflow kind of issue over here. I think that Sky TBL is something like 10 billion last time that I checked, which was more than all of Sky in one protocol actually. And he's back, there he is, yes. - I guess the CIA doesn't want me to reveal this. - Gary Gensler is sneaking in here to keep the decentralization axes down. No, so yeah, it's 11 billion plus in TVL. Wow. And then the total circulating supply of USDS, which then also includes DAI, which at this point is sort of DAI effectively has become a wrapper around USDS. So the total supply to USDS is 5.2 billion. And then, like I said, out of that, 90 million or so is on Solana. so uh yeah i mean this is just like getting 90 million solana when you know for for um for old school ethereum d5 that is still rookie numbers right so we're just getting started and uh really the goal is to bring this kind of scale to solana because i think all the ingredients are there but what's kind of you know what's missing is just the i mean basically doing it and getting that adoption going which is already happening right i mean everything is is growing very impressively on solana right now and then i also think it's just kind of like it is really interesting to get a tighter connection uh between Solana and Ethereum and all of the other ecosystems and have like arbitrage between the rates, right? And that's one of the major things that Sky specializes in now to really like connect financial markets in crypto with Oh wow. Gotta work on connecting Rune to the internet is the next thing that's gonna work. I guess what Rune is working on refreshing, give Rune a big shout out is that out of all the DeFi OGs on Ethereum, I think Rune and Metadown were one of the first to really take Solana seriously and really be a be like one to be part of swan and there is no surprise to see that major dollars are the first of the ethereum ogs to be having some having a state in swan right now and sorry please go ahead how much i can ramble off before i get cut off again yeah i mean well the point you're just making that is i guess the key point i want to say right that um Sky has been really honed in on Solana as a really important strategic opportunity for a long time. I was one of the people, famously, maybe some people remember this, I made a tweet about the Solana tech stack a year ago and it just got a crazy amount of attention. But really the point was that at that time, a lot of people were just writing off Solana entirely because of it. And the basic thing was that I could see that While there was a lot of issues with the downtime in the past, it was really obvious that everything was improving and there was sort of a dispute Speed faster than the internet. So it's a little bit funny. The man waited for so long, and then the internet rugs him after we've rugged him for a little bit. I think here's the important thing to kind of know, or here's one of the, there's many important things to know. One is like why USDS is actually interesting to begin with, right? Oh, and he's back now, hopefully permanently, but let's find out. I'm going to try to, I'm going to switch it. I'll switch it if a network because... this is a little ridiculous that might work better thank you i definitely want to talk more about usds specifically and in particular i think that there is this angle around decentralization that is oftentimes overlooked in stable coins a lot of people talk about how stable coins have product market fit in crypto without really explaining the full kind of picture can you talk about the value proposition of usds maybe in comparison to some other stable coins that are out there Question so good it froze ruins whole goddamn study is teaching in the net. Yeah, okay Well, I just leave a random background is that I didn't make it down and start to us and say oh, sorry That would is bad. So then go ahead. Yeah, you know, yeah, let's go Must be the RPC issue. I'm a Gomer Yeah, so I mean, so right now what you can do with USDS and Solana is you can buy it with USDC and there's like decent liquidity in Jupiter, I guess, hopefully. I remember learning early on that it's like when you launch, you have to launch on Jupiter. Like that is the most important thing that people can buy on Jupiter. So I hope that the user experience for purchasing USDS with USDC is pretty good in Jupiter right now. That's just like a priority to make that even better and make the liquidity even better. But then with that USDS, the key use case is to then go on Camino or Drift or Save and also other platforms coming up and then deposit there and get some really well-incentivized rewards where basically it's a combination of rewards coming from Sky and then the native rewards available, the native rates available in these lending markets. And this is actually like this is not just like a subsidy, like it's not just like a temporary incentive. It's actually like a core feature of how USDS works because Sky is able to generate really good returns with its collateral on the back end, tapping into things like Athena, for instance, basically taking the Athena yield and then de-risking it by adding some extra capital buffer. But also like depositing into like depositing into lending markets currently on like on Ethereum and then bringing that to the end like the end holder of the USDS token. So in a lending market is like some of the capital that you like, some of the USDS you deposit into the lending market that gets lent out to borrowers the normal way. and you get the return on that just like it works with anything else. But then on top of that, the slice of the USDS that is not a lend out and that's sitting there for liquidity, that actually, like as a user, you also get the reward on that. You get what we call a savings rate, which is then handed over to the protocol and then they distribute it out through the liquidity mining. And this process right now is like, it's already an automated process, but over time it'll get more and more like smooth and basically efficient. of course there is an extra boost like a subsidy on top of it right now so that's the that's the 500 000 per week i mentioned here in the slide right so on top of like the standard the rate provided by the platforms and then the standard sky savings rate that's built sort of in uh the access to that is built into usds uh then there is this 500k on top that's distributed across various different um protocol Solana just to get things off the ground. But like I said, it's just the beginning. So this is actually just like the very early stages of the Solana launch for Sky. Very cool. Soju, I think you had a question or two. Yeah, I think the thing is on my mind is how do we make people trade meme coins using Sky, using USDF? That's the whole idea of Solana. I think actually I have some market makers trying to actually provide that liquidity. But I think, I guess the, I mean, I guess the challenge is, you know, what would cause somebody to like have, like, I mean, I guess, right, you need to have already have a base, a base of holders who hold the USDS token, and then they want to trade some meme coins. And when that happens, then they're like, oh, I can just go directly in Jupyter or whatever. There's direct liquidity available. Or the other option is somebody wants to take their massive meme coin profits and put it into something safe and reliable with a long track record. But that also has a really good yield. And that's, of course, putting USDS into one of the three big lending markets or later on, like I said, any of them. So the goal is to support all of the basically all of the DeFi protocols, the lending markets where it would make sense to deposit the USDS. All of those would have these integration the savings rate and then the subsidy on top of that. I mean, that sounds like a good plan from my perspective, right? Make some quick and easy money, some hot money from meme coins and then put and put it into something stable with a good savings rate for rainy day. The USDS, the S stands for safe or savings. Other than that, yeah. I think the big question I had was that, what do you think of the common stablecoins and so on? I think USDC is very dominant on so on, more dominant than it is on any other chain, maybe other than base. So just curious to hear your takes on that and what's your plan? Yeah, I mean, I'm kind of surprised by that. I mean, I don't have a clear explanation why that's the case, but I feel like at this point it's just how it is. Well, I mean, I think I've heard that it relates to that there was a like Circle and Coinbase just placed a greater priority on growing on Solana. And I mean, from the perspective of Sky, it is preferable to have a lot like strong USDC dominance currently. And that's because the Sky ecosystem and the protocol and all the mechanisms that it uses has a really, really strong way to maintain good liquidity against USDC. And it's still something the ecosystem is working on to get that same level of liquidity against USDT. Yeah, it's a little bit more difficult basically to get that working. So, so I mean, that's another argument for rolling out on Solana as early as possible because all the bits and pieces to kind of get that really good liquidity available in the stablecoin that people are just kind of uses that the false stablecoin. That's such an important way to approach it, right? So when I think about how people would adopt USGS, you know it's like a compliment to usdc right like you use usdc as like that's what your checking account and if you're like sending to someone like that's the default and then it is very easy to convert into usds and then starting to get a savings rate on that on that money right and yeah the next step from there, I think, like, I mean, so right now it's like you have to deposit into Camino and so on, right? On Ethereum, there's a way to sort of natively get the savings rate, right? And then that's kind of the next step that the ecosystem... prioritizes for like how do you want to roll out um usds adoption right is to kind of get these more advanced and more native features available for the users so that it really can be reduced to something as simple as you have some usdc but if you want to hold it longer term you can convert it with low risk and with ease of use into usds and then back to usdc if you like want to send it to somebody then you don't want to teach them about DeFi stable coins, you just want to send them some money, then it's really easy. Convert it back to USDC and send it. Yeah, I think what might be very important to all our users to really remember from USDS is that USDS is really just like USD in a savings account or a short-term treasury, whatever you want to think of it, it earns you, it sits there. Don't worry too much about optimizing it all over the place or throwing it all around, doing compact strategies. Maybe just put it into Camino or save, earn the yield, and think of it as a savings account. Just like how we have a checking account and a savings account, and we don't expect our savings account to completely demolish and take over the checking account, that's the complementary relationship. Definitely. Yeah. And of course, in the long run, I mean, in my opinion, everyone would be better off if the world switched to actual decentralized stable with decentralized meaning. And with this, I don't mean like the purest sort of which sadly, I mean, you know, you can't have a stable coin only collateralized by you know by native blockchain tokens right so usds still does use centralized collateral like it uses usdc in fact tons of huge amounts of usdc is collateral it also uses treasuries as collateral and things like bank loans and all this stuff but but it also does use like a lot of eth of collateral and hopefully in the future a lot of sol as collateral And most importantly, all of this is managed on chain, right? So it's all transparent. It's all verifiable. You can track it in real time. You go to info.sky.money and you can see like all the information. You can down to like you can see the individual tranche of T-bill in real time on sky.money. And you can see like the bank statements that verifies that the assets are there, right? And this is just like, I mean, I think that's just a superior way to approach finance, whether it is like pure purist, OG DeFi, or it is kind of this more modern scalable DeFi that integrates with real assets. You can always get the benefits of programmability and transparency and composability and all of these things that DeFi fundamentally offers. And the I mean, the only barrier for people to adopt this stuff is just that it's just one step more difficult to understand. Right. If you're already getting into the blockchain world, USDC, which is like dollars in the bank and then it's put in the blockchain by this big company you can trust. That's like very easy to understand. With USDS, it's like you have to sort of understand what Sky is or at least you have to be familiar with DAO. So you have to just like be sort of adventurous, right, to kind of understand. get comfortable with the idea that actually USDS is possibly safer than USDC, right? Because of all the diversified collateral and the ability to track in real time. But to kind of make sense of that, you have to be more familiar with the technology. So, you know, one day I'm sure it'll happen. One day, yeah. In the short run, it makes much more sense to think of USDS as like a complement to USDC. And that day is today for the thousands of people that are watching this over YouTube, Twitter, and elsewhere in the Jubaverse. I know we're going a little bit long, so we'll start to wrap it up here. But if I could just summarize this, I think USDS... An extremely exciting kind of innovation in stablecoins, which are like a massive part of the crypto landscape one way or another. This idea of having a stablecoin that kind of pays you to hold it through this kind of savings rate that is justified by real yield and not just random ponzanomics, I think is really cool. And something like Vagrdao, which is Lindy. It's been around for a long while. Obviously, now it's called Sky, but they've been doing good work for a big time. I would love to see personally, we 10x this USDS number. So if you're watching this right now, I encourage you to do a little bit of research, check it out, maybe hold some, deposit it into Kamino, see how it feels, see how you like that yield, and then you can start to take it from there. Roon, if people want to get a little bit more involved in the Sky ecosystem, what's the best way for them to do that? I mean, you can follow me on X, I almost said Twitter there. Follow me on X at RoonKK. And then there's the SkyX account, which is at SkyEcosystem. And then we have Discord and forum.sky.money. Sky.money. Go check it out, folks. Rune, thanks for coming on here. Thanks for coming over to Solana. And hopefully we see this number continue to increase week over week. Thanks a lot. It's great to be here. Cheers. Damn, I lost my bet. So hot. I lost my bet so hot. Yeah, pretty painful if your name is Zoju, but pretty hopefully pleasurable if you're anybody else in this call right now. We are here at the end, folks. Thanks for sticking around this whole time. As a little reward, here is your Grow the Pie POAP from Treesian, the best artist on Solana. I've said it before, I'll say it again. You can scan the QR code here. You can click on the link in the chat. Just to recap where we've come from, a lot has happened. We covered this week in the Jupyterverse. Solana is buzzing and so is Jupyter. New grant winners coming out. We have a new Instagram page people should go check out and much, much more. We got to hear some product updates on Perps as well as Jupyter Mobile and that Super sexy, that browser. We got to hear all about Jubilary, how the Jubilary airdrop might work to make sure that real cadets are rewarded, along with some of the feedback from the community. Then we got to hear about CatStanBull. And of course, we got to finalize it here with Rune from Sky Ecosystem. Woo! Soju, how did I do? How was that? That was a very long one, but I think we did very well. Drupal is such a big team. We covered so much about it. The product team is hot at work. So many updates. So 17% APY, my mind is still blown. I'm going to post a tweet seeing whether we can hit 20% or something. But it's been an amazing week and we'll have another amazing week. Bangers only. That's the name of the game, folks. Listen, you don't have to go home. Well, you already are because Joop is home, but you can't stay here specifically. We will see you on the next one. Thank you so much for coming out. See you next Wednesday. Same time, same place. Good.