there we go hello hello everybody we are live in the first ever pocket we do it live uh we're gonna do a jubilee feedback review maybe you noticed there is a vote going on right now around the jubilee uh potential airdrop that's out there a few kind of critical things are on the proposal we just wanted to hit and make sure that everyone's on the same page about what this proposal is and what's going to happen from there. And then we have like literally, I don't know, a thousand pieces of feedback potentially to go through. Meow. Anyone who has voted or is about to vote can leave feedback on vote.joop.ag. And so we're just going to say, fuck it. We'll just look through it, kind of respond to see what people are saying. A little spoiler alert. opinion is mixed. People will definitely have very strong opinions on both sides, which is good as well. And the really great thing about this, right? And the really great thing about this is that, and the really great thing about this is that like, it's actually live people, right? It's like real voters, like real people who are fixed. and vote it and get it back, you know? Yeah. So yeah, it's great. - Let's go. JM to everybody out there in the Jupyterverse. What I'm gonna do first is pull up, I have a second screen over here. So this is a little bit of a fuck it, we do it live. So I don't have my normal like three cameras set up where I can just like switch between and be super professional. But what we're gonna look at here is, the proposal. Why don't we just spend two minutes going through the proposal? I'm sure most people watch this. Just show the live report. Wait, hold on. Yeah, yeah. Hold on. I'm trying to find the link now. Where did the fucking link go? There we go. I got it. Got it. Don't worry. I got it. I got it locked under control. Okay, cool. So let's do... Add this to the screen. Boom. All right. So over here on go.joop.ing, you can see this here. Look at this. Look how much feedback is in here, folks. I'm just scrolling through. Look at all this. The people, they have opinions, which is what we want to see, actually. This is very, very good. I mean, it's going to take us a while to go through. So I think what we can do is just kind of scroll through and things that catch our attention, meow, we can just kind of talk about them and take those in. What do you say? yeah let's go let's go oh let me let me let me let me write a big quick tweet on this and stuff and go from there can you scroll it can you scroll up scroll up scroll up this is the top yep uh and then i need to let's just go now it's actually just live feedback dude can you choose your life feedback that's like feedback this is the live feedback no it's the office comments that's the live feedback yeah that's live one yeah what where's the live one Was that? No, no, there's two links. There's a live one and all comments. There's a top 100. There's a new 100 comments and live one. Wait, resend me the link. As you can tell, folks, we are doing this live right now. This tech is all built out in the last like hour. Can somebody just send me the link in the group on WhatsApp and then I'll pull it up. Actually, I was going to tweet it as well. So you can see like. I just say I love the multilingual feedback coming in. as well. I don't know what this says, but I appreciate the comment nonetheless. Okay, great. So this is the live feedback. There we go. Yeah, this is the, I think this is the one I was on. But I don't know. Does this go back? Yeah. Oh, I see. This auto updates as people put in the feedback. Got it. Got it. There's one feedback and there's one user feedback. Okay, cool. Heyday says, I'm more pumped for this outcome than I was with the US election. That's... This is basically like CNN's 24-hour broadcast. They're like, okay, the votes are coming in, folks. Let's take a look at the big map. This is our big map of some of the feedback that's coming in. It's LiPo, man. It's LiPo. Even better. Even better, folks. All right. So what do we have? Why don't we scroll down a little bit just so we can catch some of the old and then we'll see more stuff that's coming in here. I'll just go to the bottom here. All right. So as the feedback comes in. On jupyter, remember this one needs a 70% yes threshold in order to pass. So we're not looking at a simple majority here to ensure that the community is aligned on what is, in my opinion, the most critical vote from the jupyter DAOs so far. I want to make sure that there's a kind of consensus, or if not consensus, then at least a super majority of people agreeing with it. So let's just kind of go through. One thing that's really important to understand here is that we actually see spend a long time getting to this point, right? It's like, can you imagine doing this vote earlier in the cycle? Not possible, right? It took a lot of time and effort and like process, right? From the entire community to get to the point that you can even do this, you know? Mm-hmm. Absolutely. And somebody said, vote yes or no, vote your conscious. Why meow doesn't meow hard? Okay, let's start to look at some of the feedback here. Let's see. Okay, this is actually going to be tricky because it keeps live refreshing. Let's look at this one. No, no, let's go to the live one. Let's go to the all page. Go to the all page. Is this the live one? Yeah. Okay, fine. But that's the all one too. A lot of feedback coming in is what I'm trying to say here. Let's take a look at this one. Hope there will be solid symbol detection mechanisms in place. Even though I voted yes, I would have loved some sort of lockup or claim taxation for new users who represent the quote biggest risk for Joop price wise. And I wish there'd be a bonus for stakers. Somebody said, well, see, this is the problem with all the live feedback. As most of us have been staking since the first Jupyware. What do you make of this comment, Mia? I'm tweeting something wrong. I will respond to it in the meantime. Let me say that I know that the team is already working on some of the Sybil detection mechanisms. So there's definitely gonna be a very intense effort to make sure that farmers are not included. We're trying to optimize for real humans. So there's definitely a lot of work and a lot of investment of time and mental energy that's going into this. I can assure you of that right now. Can't tell you exactly what it is 'cause then the Sybil farmers would know exactly what to avoid, right? So it's necessarily has to be obfuscated a little bit here. One thing real quick is I think Mudu commented, what are you comfortable with? That's actually a very, very important statement. We frame this very carefully, by the way. What are you comfortable with? I strongly actually believe that everything is about emotions. I want to really make this about what do you feel versus approval thing. I think that's actually very important. I really want everyone to be comfortable with this. And we will work to make people comfortable. That is actually the main thing they're working on. And you had this another thing that you were talking about? Yeah. And as mentioned, I think this vote is going to be as inclusive as possible. And of course, if this vote doesn't pass, then we'll go back to drawing board and propose something that I think is good. Yeah, just seeing that feedback starting to come in. Let's do it like this. I'm mostly comfortable with the proposal. The only thing, better to be partial vesting, somebody says. Somebody else said, big yes. Jupyter has been such a great community for sure. If the vote goes through, it won't hurt the price. I think even more users will stake their tokens and also attract new members, making this community even better. But then on the other hand, somebody said, need to have a lock period and stakers need to be prioritized. Don't give all the supply to farmers and to whales. So here's the thing. So here's the thing, right? I think like... I'm actually very, one thing that I actually very, I feel like there's such a really, really big debate about ASR and about like why ASR there's lock and there's no lock here, right? I think, The most overwhelming reason for me, and by the way, I'm also open to other ways other than locking. I'm also open to it. I'm thinking really hard about it after reading all the feedback. But I think I have to let this vote go first. Cash, does that make sense? Correct. You and me talked about this. We were like, "Hey, do we want a justice vote now or later?" I think it's actually really important to let this vote happen in a simple way. I feel that it's really, really important. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's really important. I think it's the only way-- here's the hard thing for anybody who's watching along from the sidelines here. As you might imagine, a lot of strong emotions, a lot of noise out there. But if there's not an actual vote, it's hard to tell, OK, what is just a loud vote versus what is actually the community opinion. Right? It's actually . Yes. And so that's why I think this is so useful. And this is, pull back the curtain a little bit. Me and Meow had a little bit of a beef going on for a bit because he was very intent in the initial proposal or in the initial Juke You and Me essay to include language of, hey, this is just the first in a series of proposals. If this one doesn't pass, that's fine. We'll get something else to come. And I've come around to see the real wisdom of that. This is going to be like an iterative kind of co-creation process with the community. This is too big of a decision, quite frankly, to just be made behind closed doors, one shot and nothing else happens. Instead, having more people in here with clarity of communication around why is it happening this way and the community clarity of communication from the community itself to say this is why we don't like it and this is specifically what we should change and that's some of the best feedback that i'm seeing here is people saying i think the drop can happen it should be best a lot of people are very specific on why they're voting no which helps in case this vote does fail uh which remember if it doesn't get at least 70 comfortable it will fail to make sure that the next report is not possible I mean, I feel like people take this seriously, right? It's just not passed, right? And reiterate, right? Yeah, I'm actually very, very confident. I'm actually very, very confident that we'll get to something, right? You know? Yeah. But you see, it's actually very, very difficult, right? If we just push without, if we just actually push without like this process, right? You know, I feel like this process is actually very, very important, you know? A classic saying, steel sharpens steel. It's like by having people put out their opinions and debating in public in good faith, you get to the best possible resolution. And I think that's what we're seeing in real time right here. YONGJIN PARK: So one thing I want to address directly is that we-- about the fact that in the beginning, there was address allocated. I want to address that very, very carefully. Now, we actually allocated it. Okay. Now, however, this is such a big, big decision, right? That we have to do it in a way, right? That affects, that interests the user, the voters. We have to, you know, we really, really have to. You know what I'm saying? And again, I may be very clear on something. I really want to be able to happen. I want to happen. Okay. I think that it's a really important ritual, right? But guys, I mean, by the way, if I do this unilaterally, right, I don't think it's going to be good, right? Now, guys, what is the point of having an ad hoc that's worth zero, you know, right? Which still happens, you know, if we just do it unilaterally because the lifeblood of Duke is a community, right? You know, right? We have to do this process. We have to do this process, you know? Yeah. Somebody said we need a massive shift. Small changes won't cut it. Just to clarify this here, the proposal as it's being voted on right now is not going to change. We're going to finish out the voting period, see who's comfortable, see who's not comfortable, and then take it from there. So whatever the current state of the voting is, we're going to let the full three days or however long it is. I should say the team is going to let the full three days go first. We have to let it, we have to let it. Yeah, one way or the other. So nothing is going to change over the course of the next three days, but the feedback is being taken in in case a change is needed later. into the future. - The feedback is actually from the, if you go vote, if you vote, right, if you go vote, and there's actually a form, after voting, there's a form, you sign with your key, right? This will make sure that only verified voters actually get to sell, get to vote, get to give feedback, yeah. - Yes, after the last year, we were at a 400% price surge. That's not everything. New people get the fair share, could and would participate in the DAO. Can I say something from a personal perspective here? There's a lot of talk about the price, understandably so. A lot of people, you know, the token is a meaningful kind of like alignment mechanism. I encourage everybody to also think about like what this means for the long-term growth, right? So like when you're thinking about whether it's price or Jupiter or as a community or anything else, you want to be thinking in the long-term. I think that's like the advantage that Jupiter has. They've been building for years already. It's not like, smash and grab let's just get as much cash as we can in a 10 second period right so thinking about the the long term uh is really essential here molu says this vote is a massively decentralizing force indeed the the goal of the proposal right now decentralize accelerate unify uh all three of those if jupiter is done well are the kind of outcomes that we'll get so actually one thing to one thing is really important here right is that like It's like, guys, we have to do this together. We have to do this together. That's actually really, really important. I mean, I keep saying that. But if we do this unilaterally, it's really going to give it-- by the way, guys, guys, guys, OK, put this here. Every protocol have unlocks. Done. That's it, right? But we choose to do it, but most protocols do it by decentralizing by dumping. Then they give that to most insiders and the insiders dump. And then the hard drive is decentralized. We have this CEF, community at first. Our principle is community at first. We actually want to make sure that before a team gets a single token, there's enough liquidity for the community. first percent. So that way is truly decentralized because we take, we actually take them. We don't like fake decentralization, right? You know, we like the fact that like we really try to structure the vote, right? Structure the idea right now. to actually get engagement, right? And actually get the community involved. You know, I mean like, how many governance token do you know actually have any governance, right? Like nothing, like nothing, okay? - There's a lot of governance tokens out there with, you know, billions of dollars in value and low single digits of actual proposals coming through and the proposals themselves are somewhat kind of meaningless. So yeah, it is definitely fun to see an experiment in governance where there's real power allocated to the governance. as we're seeing right now, right? 700 million tokens per Drupalware, 1.4 billion tokens in total just in this proposal. I voted yes so Meow doesn't have to write another essay. Vote for help. Let's see what else is coming through here. Voted yes. I think we should do lock investing for at least 30 days for anticipating high selling pressure. So here's the thing, right? If we do lock investing, right, for more than 30 days and stuff, it just delays us. And so if someone wants to sell, right, they will sell anyway, you know? This is actually a little bit different with ASR. ASR is like someone voluntarily state, right? Over here is that we are giving to them and stuff. So there's no like, how do I put it? the genesis is not sticking. The genesis is like a drop. But I understand why ASR voters and stuff, they feel it might be unfair. But I sincerely want to say, that is the reason why you get to vote. The reason, the first cut is you as the voter. That's the first cut of you as a voter. You know? Yeah. I think that there is a very helpful distinction in between what is the purpose of ASR and what is the purpose of Jupyware. For me, at least, when I think about ASR, I think about it much more as the J4J4 mentality. You're contributing your opinion into governance, which is valuable, and so you get rewarded with more Jup as a result. So that you have an increasing share of voting power over time, an increasing kind of governance say. So, Jupyter is very much like a grow the pie kind of thing. It really is this kind of gift or this invitation to join the Jupyter community just because, hey, you have some clear alignment with Jupyter, you have some kind of vague alignment with Jupyter, you use the products, you're on chain, you're not just using centralized exchanges, you believe in the decentralization or the importance of decentralization at some level. And then hopefully some percentage of those people convert into the Jupyter community. So there's a fundamental difference in the purpose. One is about rewarding people who are adding value in already. And the other is about inviting people who are kind of on the periphery and inviting them in closer. And that is why I think you see, at least in this first proposal, one way to think about why the difference is in terms of investing. So there are a couple of things, right? They say that a lot of people are thinking about this bull run because they want maximum performance in group. So here's the thing, right? First of all, I think The way Jupyter works, and you have to really understand about Jupyter, is that we don't execute a coin-to-market cycle. If we are seeking a market cycle, there will be no Jupiter. Because Jupiter really got started when SOL was $8, when the crypto market was dead. That was when, because the very, very reason why Jupiter even started was because we were a counter cycle. We're like, okay, done. We're going to do whatever we think is correct, regardless of the market cycle. And that gives us resistance, right? That doesn't make us the most exciting project. That probably means that we won't pump like three eggs in a day or something, anything, right? But here's the thing, right? I think we really want to build like the most resilient community. And that means that, for example, right over here, we... Guys, put it straight. Now, when you do things in public, you get fathered, okay? Like, dude, that is like... 20 protocols out there that has far bigger emissions to insiders. Cool. And over the next few months. But they don't talk about it at all. They don't. They really talk about it. They don't mention it at all. The biggest they don't mention it at all. I'm not blaming them. I'm just saying that that is not how it's going to go. We do the opposite, by the way. We do the opposite. We make a big deal. We draw attention to the emissions rather than trying to hide it behind the skirt. I'll tell you right now, one massive reason, guys, I'll tell you right now. One big, big, big reason, one big, big reason and stuff, one big reason is just simple. One big reason is very simple. The reason I want to address is actually very simple. I think, no, the team is going to get a cliff soon. We're locking out a cliff. We're going to get a mess. And what I really want to do is I want the team to remain a minority. You see what I'm saying? I want the team to remain minority of the whole system. You know what I'm saying? Right? That's actually very important for me. You know? Yeah. I really, really want that. Yeah. And just to be clear, because I saw this little bit of FUD going around as well, the team outside of Juke that they've bought on the open market, has none of their allocation ready for voting right now. So this is definitely not a case where you're going to see the team is able to swing the vote, which happens on a lot of other governance votes, I will say. That does not happen over here in Jupyter. So you can be sure of the purity of-- YONGJIN PARK: Even the cliff that we-- the first cliff that Jupyter team gets, we're locking it for two years. Right? Done. Right? Done. That's it. Yeah. By the way, I tell you, hey Cash, we are going to make Juke the most iconic token. It's going to be the best governance token. It's going to be the most transparent token. And by 2027, I need two years guys, I need two years. We really want Juke token to be one of the most used tokens in the world. So there's a goal. okay cool all right but so like like we really want to get there okay and as of now we are the most best governance we can review okay by castambo i want to be the most transparent one right you know right and by and in two years time i want to be one of the most used ones right there's a goal yeah just think we'll get there okay you know that's right and another another another comment that someone wrote right is that they think we're developing you know guys Am bro, I'm so oil on job guys guys I'm so fucking all in on you that why would I develop my entire fucking everything? guys guys you guys are not fucking true man like why would i develop my whole fucking network is on jube okay my out my guys i'm telling you my network outside of jube is like couple of mil right and that's from way back okay i spent the last like i said last time and stuff really just all in on you okay cool i'm not fucking serious man then i didn't i've seen meow's apartment i can agree i can tell you it is true he does not live in a nine bedroom villa uh overlooking the ocean or anything like that i'm telling you like why would i develop you what the i'm all seriously man come on bro seriously it's so stupid dude dude if i think what i'm doing i'm developing and stuff what the am i doing i'm crazy think about it man what the I like money, bro. Dude, it's crazy. I like money, guys. I think what's cool, though, is that the game here is to get rich slow. It's to get really fucking rich slow, not get a little bit rich fast. I've been waiting. yeah that's it right that's it yeah i'm serious man you know like no it's just it's funny whenever i read comments about how i'm developing youtube i'm like bro what the do you know how much do i have bro and i once i mean i saw zero man what the is that is that is hilarious i guess i've never i've never um said this probably before but i think just say because it's really funny i just reading about one comments about I have a bunch of comments about me. I'm like, bro, why would I defend you, bro? It doesn't make sense. It's like, bro, you think I like getting a bunch of money and setting a fire? No, bro, what the fuck? Like, seriously. I don't do that shit, okay? I do a lot of stupid shit, but I do not take money and send it back. I don't do that shit, okay? Done. I wouldn't do that fucking at all, okay? Done. That's it, you know? There's no, yeah, there's no nobility in poverty. I think that, you know, it's nice. We all want to get rich. We just want to get really fucking rich. Slow. I've never hated before. I want to be very clear about something, okay, Ken? Now, I had a very long chat with the team to do it such that the team emissions will not affect buyers that much. So they lock up the first cliff and they promise to keep most of it. And the founders are locking for way longer. Which I'm saying right now, right? That's one thing, right? Cool, right? And secondly is that, I think, yeah, I think why, so obviously we think that like, so, but I want the team to be financially secure, okay? The team work for very little pay, right? And very little thing and stuff, right? You know, for a long time, okay? And they need certain level of financial security. Make sense? Right? So I'm that I definitely want the team, some of our team members, especially the ones with small allocations and capital to be able to exit some. Done. Okay, that's it done. All right. I'm very clear on that. Right? The second thing I'm very clear on is that look, I want a Yosh. Done. Okay, we're all my homies, okay? Done. And you're invited. All stickers are invited. Yes or no? Okay, cool. All right. Later. Later. Done. That's it. So why do I want my yacht? Done. The meow yacht is coming, but it's not coming right now. It's coming in the future. I'm just saying. I'm just saying. It's like I want my yacht, but I want my yacht, okay? But I just do my wedding, right? So why would I burn my yacht? It's crazy. Okay. Right? jupyat 2030 not jupyat 2024. that's like the that's the thing to appreciate here uh all right let's see i voted over here people are saying that if there's a i feel that if there's a vote yes and stuff like if you if you vote yes the juke uh will still dump the coin look now i don't know I don't know by the way I got no idea all right it's up to them all right it's a free market it's a free system for them okay Ken but we have to actually we actually have to we actually have to do what we think right you know it's the right thing to do you know and we think that okay over here I'm not over here I'm not okay cashier thing like people ask me what's my opinion right I I'm actually for this first vote I'm staying neutral you're not voting at all No, I really want people to say yes or no. But for the second one, I might push hard. For the second one, I might push hard. For this one, I want to actually see the thing. By the way, guys, I'm a seeker and I'm a sicker. So a lot of people are saying I'm a sicker and worried that. So big no. Now, guys, remember this. If we don't, there is tokens. I'm not burning any more team tokens. I asked the team to burn 30% of team tokens. I'm not burning any more team tokens. So the thing is that I feel like we really have to figure out, again, I think if we actually don't figure a way, I feel like these two years are formative years. These two areas are really, really formative for Jupyter. We have the opportunity to build a really great base of users and supporters and to really invite a lot more people in. That's what I really, really feel. That's what I really, really feel. No, it's not unknown criteria, guys. I'm telling you there will be criteria. Okay, right. But here's the thing. I'm not Robin Hood, by the way. You know, that is not the point. Okay. The point is that I'm trying to maximize the long-term value of Jupiter. Okay. And that means, guys, think about it, right? The first Jupiter created this, you know, I remember we asked people last time on the call, like the last Super Alley, how many of you came in because of Jupiter Wary? It was astonishing. It was a flood of people that said, yeah, I'm only here because of Jupiter Wary. I used it a little bit here and there, got this gift and was so curious as to what these people are all about, jumped into the community, met the other cadets, saw a lot of value. It works. I know you're going neutral on this first one, buddy. I will say I'm less than neutral. I voted firm yes. I think that this is actually the right thing to do for the long-term health. I think that's the critical two-word phrase, right? If you think about it on like, okay, what is going to happen the day those tokens get airdropped? Maybe it goes up, maybe it goes down. I don't know. There are bullish unlocks. Sometimes unlocks are bearish. I don't know. But I think about the long-term future. And I think if we are trying to impact a billion people with Jupiter, right? It is not going to happen when we just have the existing kind of community. If we just keep rewarding ourselves, rewarding ourselves, keeping the circle small, we're not going to have the impact that we want to have in the long run. So that's why I think about it from a long-term perspective. I know Miya doesn't want to get too animated about it. I feel like a lot of people are talking about price action and stuff, like if the price is appreciated, then you get users. I don't disagree there. Obviously, if the price is appreciated and stuff, you do get people buying it, right? However, it's different, right? We're going for both. right guys we're going for both here okay we're going for both here we're going for guys we're going for bra we're working for both we're going to we're going to both expand the we're going to both i'll go as simple right i'll go for jupiter right is to expand the community dramatically right i'm saying you know right uh horizontally right you know but because of that i actually think right you know that the that the the the the the price will and the value will increase as well right that's actually the main thing yeah hey cash um can you stream can you scroll down and stuff scroll down on the live feedback i know we are very fortunate we are fortunate to have a chance opportunity to cast our votes for against this honestly guys i'm telling you okay i i really think that we have the best governance token in crypto okay you'll score up you go to cmc you'll scrub you see many tokens right i'm telling you we are the best governance token Right? Yeah, there's governance. I mean, we actually work enormously hard on making actually something. Having voting power over an uninhabited island in the middle of the Pacific is not very useful. Even if it's called a vote for it to actually be useful, it's got to impact the future of the product and of the protocol. That's what we're seeing here. For long term, Joop said the word. At the end, people believe in Joop's day, but many other believe gatekeeping is the way. The rule, Joop, behavior becomes after a $10 billion release. This is- Justin, Justin, we are not doing that. Justin, someone's saying that I just don't believe that. We are not. We are not devaluing you. We are not. You get to vote. okay you get to vote okay and and it you'll be included okay that is not the point at all okay like stickers will be that you'll be inclusive okay there was there was this uh piece of fun going around so let's just put this to bed once and for all in the early thoughts uh video the meow and i did there was some conversation like okay stickers are not going to be explicitly rewarded in that early thoughts video especially i said especially correct but the way people interpreted it and this And this might be you. I don't know. I'm not saying this is you, Justin, but it might be somebody who said, oh, that means if I staked, I'm ineligible for jubilee at all. That is absolutely not true. There's a conversation to be had of like, OK, do I get extra bonus rewards for staking? That I think is a separate thing. But stakers, if you stake and you use the protocol, you will also be eligible for jubilee. So it's not that stakers are taken out of jubilee concerns, as I saw some people getting confused about. OK. So he has-- GARY LIU: Let's be honest, though. This whole thing should not have been voted on, says A-not. What do you say about that? I actually think that voting on this and the process to get to a conclusion is probably the most impactful long-term thing we can do for Jupiter. Now, look. Now, the fact that we did 50-50, and we manned the 50-50, Right? Make sense? Right? Make sense? I say again, we propose 50/50. We meant 50/50. Right? I take full responsibility in making, me and the team, take full, me and me and responsibility and stuff, take full, me and team take full responsibility, right? As excluding, right? The best way possible, okay? Now, and the community and I will, and for every vote, and I will structure, I will structure votes to make sure there's no disaster, right? It's my job to structure the votes, right? Me and the team have a job to structure the vote such that there's no, there's no, there's no fun. There's no disaster. For example, if that's like, oh, let us give all the tokens to one person. - Burn 10 billion tokens. - That would be a bad idea. So it's our job to make sure that there's no disaster. With that framework, with that no disaster framework, we actually really try fucking hard to actually make the vote meaningful and interesting. It's actually really important for us. I got to say, there was a great comment here from Sid Kid. Let me just pull this back up. Unexpectedly gifted 9K jupe in the first year where he repaid by becoming loyal to jupe by now at 50K stake and will continue to add to the pile. Nice. Nice. I'm not yes. I'll say it again. I'm not a yes fan now. For this vote, I will stay neutral because I think as I said in the... I want ASR. No, put it this way. Now, there's a difference between really wanting ASR and wanting this vote to pass. Can I try to make sense? There's a difference between wanting ASR and what? And wanting the vote to pass? Wanting jubilee and wanting this vote to pass. Make sense? My point is simple. For this vote, I genuinely just want to hear what the community thinks. And this is great, by the way. I get a very-- JONATHAN CHAM: You should do this every time. This is fucking awesome. I love this. With the live feedback coming in and the chat, this is-- shout out to the team that put this together, I think, in just the last few hours. But yeah, so if I can understand what you're saying, you're neutral on this specific proposal passing. but you are overall bullish on a jupyware proposal passing whether it's this one or the next one or the next one after that is that right yes big time big time and then i will and i will take feedback right we will take the bank and make it better right you got thousands and thousands of feedback pieces to go through my friend uh so you know whip out the other one i'm a fast reader i read everything i read everything okay i read everything okay yeah no it's actually important i think it's actually important question how are you planning to filter out i mean we are probably going to do quite a bit of things that i mean the downside is that it's going to be more cumbersome for to to to be part of the thing it's not gonna be last time that's not really what i mean for people right you know but this is going to be is that true was there no real symbol detection mechanisms last time last time no there was but then it was right i pretty much um but we wanted to be as inclusive as possible for the last time right you know yeah that's the main thing yeah Yeah, this time I think there's a few kind of tricks that you could look at or that the team could look at. Obviously, we don't have the criteria. We're not finalized yet. But there are things like looking for consistency rather than just like did you do one trade on one wallet and you have like 100 different wallets. There's a few other kind of like tricks up the sleeve potentially. So here's the thing. Here's the thing. I think here's the thing. Here's the thing I want to say, right? I did make... I did make one or two comments very well early on, right after the first airdrop to say, "Next, you'll be eligible for future airdrops if past November 2nd." I did say that. And I am still extremely committed to make it happen. However, I really cannot right i really really cannot do this without the committee buy-in i cannot i really cannot i really can't right i'm saying you know right i really can't so i suppose first of all i would say that it's allocated and we never we never ever sold it explicitly never okay but i did mention a couple of discord messages okay cool right that you yeah you we are going to call it legibility after that drop right so i did actually say that uh purchase for them But I cannot do this without the community buy-in. I can't. I just can't. I got to say, yeah, there's a few comments of people saying like, hey, this should not have been a vote. The community is an opportunity for errors, says Jason. I think that they're... No, I speak only for myself. I'm not speaking for anybody else. We never promised though. We never actually said use the product to get ad hoc. There was never a marketing for the product. We are extremely strong believers of, you know, we build the best products and stuff and use them if we want. You know? So, What I'm going for is I think that it has to be a vote, folks. For all the people saying there shouldn't be a vote, opportunity for error, and so on and so forth, Fundamentally, from my perspective, Jupyter was not just built by the team. This is the whole basis of the 50/50 idea. The Jupyterverse itself is composed of people from the community and key partners and many others. To make decisions unilaterally just from the team or just from Meow or whatever else really blocks out all the other people that are adding value. That is fundamentally unfair. Now, does it lead to the best short-term outcome? I'm not sure. We'll see where the vote goes. In this process, I can tell you that what I'm seeing Tons of great feedback, actual real vigorous debate, all their alternative solutions being suggested rather than people just saying like, "Fuck meow, you should go get a haircut." People are actually being being constructive. And that is why the vote is so useful, right? Is that it allows us to actually understand what the community feels, let people get a sense of like what their preferred most comfortable outcome is going to be. And then through this process of bouncing back and forth, we will, I think, get the most optimal outcome eventually. And this would not have happened if it wasn't a vote. To add on to that, right, guys, I'm learning a lot, by the way, right? I'm actually learning a lot about how I do things. I'm learning a lot. I mean, it's not that I'm just not learning anything. I'm learning a lot, by the way. You know? Yeah. Somebody said, those work groups are just pointless. What's the point of a podcast? You want to take this one or should I? Anon, I'm sorry. I wouldn't get upset if you scold me. That's fine. You can call me a useless cat. But... i mean in this case you should really back off okay the dude like this kind of course won't happen if with other other working group not possible okay juke and juice is like the best community unifier right we know right in all crypto i know we're joking right - Like shout out to Wick. - Wick and Zack, Irish as well. - Amazing, Irish, fucking amazing. No, don't be sad, JWJs, I love you. You're the best in hell, all right? I'll defend you fuckers to hell. You guys are fucking assholes. All right? Yeah, no, no, I think CWG is amazing. They do so much work. Kedahokengu is amazing and stuff. They really are. - And WTP, we forgot WTP as well. Shout out WTP. - I mean, everyone's amazing. Yeah, JWJ is amazing. Are you kidding me? uh will is amazing too we will fracture but i love him you know hello will i love you well it's the best shout out to will um all right step number one i promise i read everything you know yeah let's go if you walk everyone is asking everyone saying okay if you guys want to grow a thing good coinbase guys come on guys come on can we already really so guys you can let that secure now you can hear the co-pacing guys guys are we so uncreative as a community community that the only way for us to actually get users to get this on the sex Guys, come on, man. Seriously, guys, are we really a f**king creative? Seriously, okay? I'm so tired of this, okay? It seems like our industry, right? The only solution to anything, right? Is getting this on a sex. seriously contrary to the whole point i'm telling you i'm telling you every single meme coin community and part of 90 of competition right it's like oh when sex when sex when sex just get laid guys seriously man come on you know what the like there's no more creative in the industry it's all about sexist right oh if you get sex in abc blah blah blah come on guys what the guys seriously man sorry It's all good. It's all good. All right. Today, today, I'm live. Today, I just... No fucks. Fuck it. We do it live. No fucks. I think today is like the most unprepared one. Let's go. Yeah. I've been in this project since the beginning. I voted yes because I believe in growing the pie. As Sensei has appreciated from the beginning, never missed a vote. Yet, I have some concerns. Be glad if you can answer my question live. I'm listening. First question is, why is there so much selling pressure on Joop? I don't know if there's an easy answer to that. A, I don't know if that's always true. It varies on the market cycle. Right now, to the degree that there is, I think you could probably chalk some of it up to uncertainty. Markets typically prefer certainty, but certainty, as we've learned, comes after community bias. Honestly, this debate is a big deal. The fact that we literally have thousands of people every day talking about the emission. Versus other projects where they just hide it and no one even knows outside of the team that the emission is coming. Yeah, yeah. So we shut it. We shut it. Furthermore, I think over here there's no uncertainty, right? There's also uncertainty and Marcus hit uncertainty, right? I feel like... But I feel like it's not those things that is difficult, but I really, really think that this is healthy for the community in the long run. I really think that if we get through this thing, if we feel like, guys, guys, okay, I feel like if we get through this thing in a really, really significant, you want to wait, right? It's going to be great. Yeah. But we're going to get through this. Yeah. it was cash by the way the second part of that uh comment it's gotten there's so much feedback that we've lost now wait wait wait wait wait there's one that said that they really want more feedback and stuff can you go up they want more feedback no no he said he had some questions he wanted me to address the thing that's the one we were looking at this one right here Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh. Therefore, comes the second question. Why do you doesn't follow other token trends like we've seen lately? BTC reaching all time high, Solana reaching all time high, other major performance tokens performing well. There's so much money coming from fees on the platform, but the value of the token seems to behave more like a stable coin instead of the growth like I think it should go. I think this is related to the first point, right? Which is in this period of time, we're kind of deciding the future of Jupiter together and the JEP token. You know, it's just uncertainty kind of coming into it. can you scroll scroll up here where so yeah i think i think i'll just say i just uh cash you can't just suddenly leave man i feel very awkward i can't talk don't don't i would never leave you habibi i'm right i understand that all this spot and concern is causing a lot of pain okay and and i get it okay but i really really feel like after castambo right after castambo That's one big, big, big reason why I really don't think we should have a lock on this thing. I mean, I don't get me wrong. I will change it up. I will adjust it. But I don't really want to do a lock because I really want to end Cash Stumble with the cleanness and most transparent right i'm saying you know right like tokenomics right in crypto right i really want that right there's something i really i i i guess i should really make it more clear later on you know yeah i think that like with the as it goes to the lock entity this might change if this vote uh does not pass if less than 70 of people say that they are comfortable with this we'll go back there'll be another proposal that'll come in i think one thing to consider is if you add a lock and stake, and we've seen this with some other protocols as well, do you just defer the inevitable? Do you want to be acting in a way where there's another shoe to drop, where you know that, hey, in 30 days, let's just say, all the tokens unlock, and then that's when the sell pressure is going to come, if that's what you think is going to happen. You know, so there's no easy answer here. The big difference is that other teams maybe do admissions quietly behind the scenes and avoid any attention. Here, we're trying to the spotlight in. There was one part of that question that I really liked is like, why does Jupiter not follow other major token trends? I realized they were talking about price, but I think it is useful to think about why Jupiter does not follow the trends in terms of the playbook of how other people approach their tokens. token. Let's do things in secrecy. Let's do OTC deals behind the scenes to fund the team. Let's keep governance really minimized with basically nonsense voters coming in. Zero OTC deals. And we've done transparency audits. Done. That's it. These are things that the market do not value. They do not value the transparency audit. They do not value the team burning tokens in order to cut emissions. They don't burn it. But I feel like the core people who see it devalue it, right? I really do. I really think so, you know? And it's all a question of like, what timescale are you optimizing for? Are you optimizing for tomorrow and for the chart this week? Or are you optimizing for building a protocol that is going to stand the test of time for years and years and years to come? Community, community. And the community that stands the test of time as well. And I think that it's easy in crypto in particular, because things just go up and down and it's so volatile and people have very short memories to kind of focus on the short term rather than the long term. - Yeah, it's kind of tricky for me because I honestly, I see a lot of shady stuff happening. And then we just don't care. We're just like, oh, press on, press. Bad actors, I shouldn't say bad actors, but the traditional ways of doing things, which can be shady at times, like charitably can be shady and can be much worse sometimes. So two things I want to say. DMX, unfortunately, that is the way we do things. Unfortunately, because public processors takes way more than private processors. The reason why other protocols don't have this thing is because they keep it quiet. They spring it and then over. We do things in public. So we necessarily have more uncertainty, right? If you know what I mean, right? You know, that's one thing. So anyway, okay, so the things are burning. Okay, now. - Can I say something on that real quick, Mia? I think it's important to recognize that there is a trade-off that's happening here. No one is saying, yeah, right? The trade-off that we're making, that Jupiter is making very explicitly is yes, there is some uncertainty, but what do we get? We get a more highly engaged, a highly aware and a more kind of just intelligent community that feels like they're controlling the future. And in a long-term time horizon, the trade-off that you're trying to make, the bet is, okay, the more actively engaged the community is, the longer this protocol, the longer the community itself is going to thrive. So that's the trade-off, short-term versus long-term. Sorry, go ahead. I just want to make the point. - Yeah, yeah, this is Robert Dunn. Hey guys, by the way, again, right? Now, the emissions of a card, the token that burning, right? It cuts emissions insanely, okay? It cuts emissions insanely, okay? Number one, it's a real testament, right? That the team cares for the community. Not me, by the way, the team, right? Care for you guys, right? You know what I'm saying, right? - And you. - And it cuts emissions insanely, right? So it's actually very, very, very far for nothing. That's actually one thing that's really important. And I think there are three things. I do actually have a lot of plans for the token. But right now, there are three things. Number one, we make it the best-- it already is the best governance token. Look at this. Look at what's happening here. It's crazy. Now, secondly, and secondly, it's going to be the most transparent token. Thirdly, we really want to actually make it one of the most used tokens. Done. But I need two years for that. I really need two years for that. So who asked? Mark asked, I'm eating ravioli. I didn't eat breakfast, and I have meetings all day after this. And so this is my only chance to eat. This is supposed to be my lunch hour. And then Meow was like, yeah, let's do a little live stream. I said, yeah, fuck it. Let's do it. Let's do it live. Come on. Life is boring. Come on. Life is boring. That's why I'm just eating lunch off camera. So if you see me chewing, I'm trying to stay alive. That's what's going on right now. All right. Let's see. What else do we have here on the feedback? We're definitely working on onboarding processes for new users, definitely. Yeah, it's just like, yeah, just I think we're going to keep working. Specifically on mobile, if I'm not mistaken, it's going to have a really cool onboarding invite flow potentially. That's true. Drupal could be an example of force. Oh, Solji asked an interesting question here. Let's bring this up. Solji says, let's be fair. The plan was to have another Drupal drop from the beginning. Now everyone is scared of being dumped on. Did you know this would happen from the start? Did you foresee the situation we're in right now, Miao? I, um... I feel yes and no. I think that after I did the first Drupal library, before that, because the plan was set earlier, way earlier, right? But after I did the first jupiteri, I'm like, oh shit, this thing is wow. Holy fuck. Then I realized, holy shit. Yes, then I realized, holy shit. Then I realized that there's actually a lot of fear, right? Actually, one of the reasons why the circulating supply is lower than it wanted to be is because everyone is like, everyone is like really terrified of having more circulating, right? You know what I'm saying? In the market, right? I mean, ironically, if we just dump OTC, it would actually be better, right? The more circulating... It's funny because honestly, there was a point where Juke was 180, then we could have just dumped a lot. But we didn't do that because we don't do that. We want to do everything like the ultimate, like, transgressing possible. You see what I'm saying? So we didn't do that. But anyway, but no. So I think, yeah, I think after the first jubilee, I realized how intense it was. Yes, that was the point I realized that people will actually be fearful that I'm not. That's actually the point. Yes. But I think-- but it's because of that fear that I think it's actually really important to put your vote. I cannot just do it unilaterally, if that makes sense. Yeah. MIKE BOLOGNINO: Somebody asked when Android, Umair? Jupyter Mobile live on Android today. Go search for that in the Play Store right now. UMAIR KHAN: It's amazing. It's great. The DeFi Joop Jam by Wham, what a name, says, why do you guys work so much? What's the goal? What's the goal, meow? Why are you awake right now at 3 a.m. in Singapore or whatever time it is? Handling thousands of questions online. I want to build the best platform, the best community, the best team, the best business, and the best thoughts and best ideas. I feel like the world is so fucked up now. Crypto is so fucked up now, man. It's like... I feel like just doing our part to install the best tech, the best users, the best community, the best stores, is such a big deal for me. You know? - Yeah. - It's like, it's a really big deal for me. I mean, I wrote an entire essay about that, you know, right? About why I work so hard, you know, right? Cash, how about you? Why do you look so hot? You look like a motherfucker too, man. What's going on? I think that there's some inherent part of me that feels like if you want to see a better world, you should contribute towards making that happen rather than just having some indefinite optimism that things will get better. It is coming upon me and everybody else to make that world happen. I think I work hard because I work with people that I really like and care about. And you fight not just, you fight the war not for the ideology, not for the country, but for your brothers in the trenches, your brothers and sisters in the trenches. And then honestly, there's a part of it that I'm just fucking addicted to the game at this point. I've been working like this for many years and me and most people I know are just like work addicts. And it's as good as any drug when things go well. So that's me. Honestly, Cash, you know what's funny? I'm really good at the boomer. I'm really good at bear markets. At bear markets? At really bad markets, yeah. I'm really good at bad markets. I'm really good at bad markets. I feel like I'm able to survive anywhere. And then I just die. I think that the-- one second. I'll just come out and show you one second. Which one? Yeah, love you too. Thanks for coming out, Dan. OK, one thing real quick is that-- sorry, sorry. - Yes, I just got a- - It's 3:00 AM in Singapore, possibly later. - I'm not in Singapore now, not in Singapore. Yeah, but it's today. Guys, the Jupyter strategy is easy man. Best platform, best ideas, best team, you know, best product, best everything, best community, best everything. burning 3 billion tokens won't help that much. Interesting. Juba's the best coin, holding and staking, so on. Let's see if there's anything else. Could I buy the team? Give the community a voice, keep building. Nice. All right, so how are we doing on time here? When is my next... go you can keep going i think we covered mostly everything and stuff i think yeah let's see any last questions uh that people have you can pop them into the chat in here or if we see any kind of like unique feedback coming through we can answer those there i mean i also feel like i also feel like what is happening is that like every token have its cycles you know i think i think every token cycles you know right yeah and joe it's impossible it's impossible for me to kind of like i i don't know it's like i feel like i do a lot of things um with a lot of empathy right but i do okay i i actually it's a good point to summarize something i think i think the way i think about the way i think about strategy right is i think we do things with a lot of empathy right empathy right aka like we really put ourselves in the shoes of everybody and think of how it affects them right you know at the same time at the same time we really have to execute according to strategy right you know right that is actually very important we have to have a good sense of like what we think is going to be good for the you know for jupiter Right, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, that's how I think about it. Tony asks, overall sentiment, I just joined. The overall sentiment is people give a fuck, which is the single most bullish sign of all. If people don't give a fuck, nothing else matters. And that is the main way I would describe it. We're going to get through this. Give it two months. Too much fun, dude. Two months, too much fun. two months, Kastanbo, two months. Two months. Somebody asked, when is the burn happening? The burn of the 30% of supply? Three billion Jupe tokens will be destroyed, will be burned at Kastanbo, January 26th. But it's not about the burn. It really is about the fact that it increases certainty by so much. Right? The burn is not from thin air. The burn is literally the users, the team itself. Literally. I say again, guys, the team voluntarily gave up a lot of their first key for two years, agreed on the sudden majority of investing and gave up 30%, 6,000, 2,000. Voluntarily, no problems. I can't emphasize how big of a deal that is. And if you don't need to speak, you ask your framework protocol to give you the consent. - Very cool. All right. - Cool, awesome. Yeah, I think we... - I think we covered most of it. You want to kind of summarize your thoughts and feelings on where we stand right now? No, I think it's good. I think it's really good. I think whatever the... I stand by my point. I want the person who do neutral, right? If the vote doesn't pass. Oh, okay. We should just... We should most crypto cashiers. Okay, cool. All right. So, Muhammad Azim, thanks for the question. First of all, I think please... know one thing okay your opinion is as valuable as our opinion okay you know right it's actually very important that is actually the reason why you vote you know right yeah like like seriously okay um the i feel like it regardless of this vote what happens i feel like the community were given the community would have been given a way to um um discuss right let's discuss you know like discuss and around um around uh and i think that in itself is incredibly valuable right yeah i think so as well i think uh just so like on a more tactical level what will happen here is that the vote is going to be on for the next i think three days if i'm not mistaken this vote specifically needs 70 of voters or 70 of the total vote stake weight actually uh to be comfortable with the proposal in order to pass if it If it does not, then the feedback will be taken in from this live feedback page, from all the comments on these calls, from Twitter, Discord, research forums, and everywhere to kind of take another pass at it and see like, okay, is there another thing that the community would be comfortable with? And then there'll likely be another proposal to that effect. So that's kind of what happens here. In terms of short, long-term implications, listen, I think from my perspective, the best case scenario is that this is kind of sorted one way or another before Cat's Den Bull, so that on January 27th, we wake up in the morning, tokens have been burned, clear plan of the emissions. We know exactly what's going to happen and certainty is in the market. I feel like it's not about the burning. I feel like it's not about the burning. It's more like it's about the clarity, right? I mean, it's about the clarity. I think Like we're going to do a live token, I think by Casnambu, I think a lot of our longer term plans will have been clearer. We will share, we will unbill a lot of our teammates, right? You know what I'm saying? And then there'll be a community to know each other. We'll have our distribution strategy laid out for the whole world to see, right? So I feel like just a lot of things, it's not just, I feel like we shouldn't give too much attention to the burning of tokens, okay? It really is about clarity. I think the market is going to be clear about what we do and the supply is going to be clear. Everything is clear. That's the meaning, clarity. This initial vote here will end on 29th November 2024. Do you know why that's an important day, Miao? Do you know why that's such an important day, 29th November? Do you know why this day matters? so much November 29th because I think Kastambo is going to be on Kastambo is going to be on 25th approximately right so it's going to be like two two months before you're missing the most important thing Christmas this guy's birthday November 29th coming up on Friday it is yeah yeah Is your birthday November 25th? November 29th is my birthday, Friday. Oh, okay. Yeah, WGB saw that through that... It took a while for you to get that one. Bro, bro, bro, I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. Thank you for all the birthday wishes for all the people that do care in the chat. That's what empathy looks like, Meow. Maybe you can learn a little fucking something or two. But we have to do it. We have to do it. Tell you what, we do a vote round up and we're going to sing a birthday song. - Okay, that sounds like- - Come on, you gotta do it with this song, come on. Okay, cool, all right. Okay, really, really fun chat. Thank you so much and stuff. That is so funny. Will is hilarious by the way. Will is so fucking funny. - Will is too good. People who like Will, you're gonna see a lot more of him out of uplink stuff. The guy's just been crushing it. Very excited to work more with him. And thank you for all the early birthday wishes. I was making a joke, was not trying to ask for that, but I do appreciate that. Anyway. We have to figure out. I feel like this is good. But honestly, I think this is going to be a process to get it through. Yeah. This is why it's fun, folks. Fuck it, we do it live. That is inherent to the Jupyter spirit and value system is this idea of experimentation and not doing the things the way that everybody else does them. So we're betting for the long term. Very excited to see everyone's feedback. Thanks for coming out, everybody. Please do vote. Silence me. I don't know who it is, but somebody's trying to, the dogs out there trying to silence your boy. What was I saying? Anyway, I was saying that keep an open mind, see what people are saying on the feedback forums, and we look forward to seeing where this vote goes. One last thing, guys. - Jupiter Mobile update coming very soon. You guys voted on the mobile background, right? It's awesome. It's amazing. The iOS you're gonna see that soon, Android soon as well, okay? But it's awesome, right? And you see your vote matters even for mobile apps. So good, so good, so good. All right guys, thank you so much again. Yeah, I mean, I hope this clears up a lot of things. there's a lot of concern about token price. I really appreciate those concerns. We don't operate according to token price. We operate according to what we believe is the right approach. In this case, in this case and stuff um and and i and i personally don't i understand the things about best thing i i'll figure out i'm if this work doesn't pass i'll figure a way to uh i'll figure out i think i'll figure a way to kind of like um to negate some of those concerns you know without actually you know um having that the the the the the the the the the overhang that we want to avoid you know yeah so that's how i think about it you know yeah all right well with that said we can uh end this now y'all don't have to go home but you cannot stay here go vote folks if you haven't already go vote go learn I feel like one one one thing one thing is that all of my protocols I find you do the best um I think that's actually a very um common sentiment that I find right there are a lot but they want to support the this initiative but they also kind of fearful or something. And I feel like if this vote doesn't pass, it will be up to us to really assure them of this fear. So I feel like that would be-- I mean, honestly, even whether it pass or didn't pass, we will have to actually um you know assure them of this fear anyway you know yeah so that's actually my overwhelming thing right that whether this whether this uh whether this um like whether this um whether this thing um whether this is the person plus i feel like we're to do a lot more in reassuring people okay and one last thing guys one last thing can i say one last thing please there is no my entire 99.999 percent of my network okay cool all right there's no reason for me to evaluate none zero zero okay i like money i don't like burning money okay i like things cool all right i do that setting unless i think things are fire you know what i'm saying you know that's something so there's no reason all right i wouldn't be doing any of this okay if i didn't think my long-term backs right the key is long term backs okay i'm a long-term back okay i i i gave up a lot of short term backs right a lot i gave up investing so much i gave up a lot of things to focus on this thing cool all right so that's all all right thanks guys thanks everybody bye we will see