bull riding competition at the iggy the iggy party and won a lamborghini that's nice they offered the cash because that used to happen a lot with like game shows where they would win like the big prize it's like oh you have to pay tax on that yeah well he was I don't remember. It was like 20% of the price of the Lamborghini. He was like, by the time I buy the Lamborghini, it'll be used and be worth 50% as much. I was like, okay, smart. Yeah, you're right. I will opt for the cash, bought Jupe, staked it, and then participated in the voting to get more ASR. It's pretty solid play. I think so. Quick request. Can anybody purple, copy, and paste that, but make the link proper, what I just put? One second, I'm going to get a drink. I'm going to go get my ginger tea. I need a purple person, please. A purple person. A pink piece. That'll do. It's right below it. That's perfect. Thank you, Floyd. I think this office hour is going to be a relatively standard one, except Kimo is going to present something. You say that every time, and it doesn't turn out that way. Irish, can you calm down? We'll do our sort of round-robin updates from all the work groups. We'll give our updates. Kimo will give his presentation on what he wants to show, the revamped Joop Eco. And then, yeah, I think we'll take the audience questions. So, yeah, let's kick things off starting at the top of the clock. Katoshi, do you have any updates from the CAWG? Yeah, so the COG has been super focused over the last week on upping our Twitter presence, which we've started kicking off about a month ago. And so adding OPEX to our team has been super instrumental in upping our Twitter game and getting some great graphical content out there to the people. So if you're on Twitter and you don't follow the Cat Debt Working Group yet, we're at Jupe Cat Debts. Please follow us. Our goal is to get from 3,000 followers to 5,000 followers in the next month ahead of our vote next month. So retweet us and follow us. That would be super helpful and appreciated. And we're working hard on tightening our scope for our proposal along with you guys, the CWG. So next month we're hoping to go to a vote to become a full working group later next month. So we're super excited to get feedback from the community and to up our Twitter game. That's pretty much our top priority right now, along with some events. And so yeah, stay tuned. I don't know, Kaz, Rolex, if you have anything to add to that, please hop in. No, yeah, just... I've been working on, so I... I am getting deeper into the grants process. So we unleashed a grant vote, the first grants vote to COCs. So one of the two CAWG grants votes are going to be given to Cats of Culture to delegates. That's where my vote's going. So we've got a bunch of discourse going on with Cats of Culture right now, chatting it up, discussing next steps and discussing this first grants proposal. And I've been going to all the grants, like mentorship sessions and stuff, a lot of them at least. And so really working on that too. But yeah, I think Twitter's our main focus and working on scope. I just wanted to throw that in there. We've got a lot we're working on right now. Your conversion rate for the Twitter, I don't know why, but it's like as good as the DAO account. And it's like, it's better than Uplink and like Juke and Juice and like all the others for some reason. I don't know how or why, but that's something I noticed. Have you just considered that we might just be better? There's some magic around the catnets, you know, there's some special magic around the catnets, you know, I just think that's what's manifesting. Manifestation. Their Twitter's been cooking for a minute, though. Their Twitter's been cooking for a minute. Their engagement is, like, so banging. I've been trying to figure it out. And DeFi Jeep Jam, too, as well. And what... I was going to say it's the cat debts, bro. That's the secret. That cat debts are the magic behind the Twitter. Like, if they, you know, the cat debt working group doing their thing, but actually they're getting the support of the actual cat debts on the Twitter. So if, you know, if that's actually happening, those numbers make sense. And so I suppose it is happening and those numbers do make sense. And one other thing I noticed about you guys' Twitter, I love that. other than what's been mentioned today you guys always support our sisters as well and that is very you know that's the massive W that you guys do that you know we might be critical of many things we've had conversations in the But that is one thing I noticed. I was like, you guys always retweet, you always share, you always comment, you always go and support, you know, community things that are going on, whether it's Stupid Juice, whether it's Uplink staff, whether it's a community member staff, you guys do do that. So, yeah, it's a big thing. I actually have an idea of why. I think it might be their... very cohesive branding like the the Dow account has the branding effectively of the mid Journey prompt that's the Dow prompt because we use it the most but they also have their own that opax made I believe it's like that cutesy cat anime style and uh I think they just have the more cohesive branding than the than uplink or Jeep and juice maybe what do you mean by conversion rate So the conversion rate between views and actual engagement rate. But look, I'll give you an example. Tell me if I'm wrong, but they got 155 likes on a post with 3.5K views. They're gaining way more followers per views, I think, than like any of the other Twitters is effectively what I'm saying. Yeah, and I mean, Saks has a good point, though, and it's because we're all cat dads. It's the community, right? So yeah, to have everyone's support is super appreciated, and it is coming through in engagement, but we're definitely looking to raise the bar on that and improve and support everyone else as well on Twitter, so... So yeah, appreciate that. And as far as the branding goes, man, it's been an experiment because we've rebranded like three times already. So hopefully we can settle. And I think it's starting to gain some traction. So appreciate it. Yeah, I'm optimistic. I think we're all gonna win together. It's gonna be good. EPP, baby. EPP, baby. EPP, baby. it's no shade or anything OG it's just I noticed they put out like a few tweets and I noticed the next day oh shit they're 400 followers higher oh okay I was just kidding no no no I was just trying to understand what you were saying yeah let's keep going around the clock so I guess now who occupies the midnight position is fuck you wake Sax and Irish whoa what updates do you guys have Let me share the tweets. To be fair, we did the logo thing. We wanted, obviously, community involvement in terms of the logo. I made my own logo. It seems no one liked my logo, bro. I swear to God, we ain't checked the votes. You can skip and you can stick to the podcast. Yeah. I genuinely thought I'd get a decent amount of votes. But I thought, you know, not that I'd win, but like at least come like third or second, bruh. But... I swear I'm definitely lost, honestly. The community absolutely cooked me, bro. Absolutely cooked me. And they just love the juice box, bro. Like, everyone loves that. That's it. As simple as that. I don't want to be mean, Max. There we go. Don't want to be mean, Max. Go on, talk to me. Looks like a milk package, you know. Yeah. That was the look I was going for because, you know, in the UK we have a drink called Tropicana. I don't know if you've heard of Tropicana. Oh, yeah. Tropicana's good. Yeah. That's it. So I went for the Tropicana carton, you know. So maybe I should have accompanied it with a Tropicana thing. But, yeah, I suppose it looks like a milk thing in the US. They probably... Probably too unhealthy to drink Tropicana out there. But to be fair... I tried to turn the logo around and there was a missing person on the back of it. - Missing cat. - Yeah, missing cat, small cat. Where's small cat? Is he still missing? Is he here somewhere? - Yeah, small cat's missing guys. - But anyway, engagement was great. Obviously everyone showed up. We had about, I think nearly 30 submissions of logos as in individuals who submitted multiple logos. So logos might've been in the fricking hundreds. And then, you know, we did a Jupe Juice live where we broke them down and why we selected our top five. And then we selected our top five and then we put it out onto a vote. And it absolutely looked, you know, everyone up to give us their opinion on which one they thought was the best one and everything. Obviously, my one was. They did not get any support, I think. Maybe there was like one or two people that said they liked mine, but everyone else, I think everyone got a vote, reasonable amounts of votes, but I think Axel's one had just picked it. Yeah, by far. Yeah, because all weekend, right? All weekend. I was replying to every single comment and we asked them to comment their vote. We didn't do a poll. for that reason we wanted the engagement we got it exactly so i have a very can you zoom into the can you zoom zoom into the actual uh amount of comments there is uh yeah there's like 400 yeah there's 400 comments yeah i was the thing is wake says that but i was doing the same as well i don't know if i yeah yeah i think we were yeah yeah so we were getting back to everyone that's the yeah so the thing is it's like a 50 50 ratio in it because half of those comments are dupe induced and the other half is community so there's like 200 comments from the community and 200 from us over the weekend so you know i was doing it wait was doing it irish was doing it but you know that makes sense um so what i noticed as well right like in terms of a strategy here is that when i was replying to people and like thanking them and asking them further questions, that made them feel good. And not that we weren't looking for that or anything, but I think that's something to take into account. I think that's also something that's helped the Cadet Workgroup get such juice because there's that aspect to it too. And we're going to try and incorporate some more of that Well, it's

like, it's a very important decision for us, right? Like, it's our logo, it's our identity. And I remember the CAWG, you actually did this as well, right? And you got a similar amount of engagement. Your tweet absolutely cooked. People turned up and people gave their feedback on the four logos that you shared, right? And so it's something that we wanted to do as well because it's the thing where we want community community involvement on our journey and it's super important if people that are watching week in week out have a say in the direction we go somewhat right obviously it might not end up being axel's uh juice box that we use but it will be a version of it right so we'll sit down we work with axel we'll edit it we'll get it looking because right now it doesn't look like a logo logo per se right we need to get it to a logo and so um once we can do that um you know, it will be probably a juice box logo that we run with. Yeah, like we mix up with, yeah. I'm excited though. Because a juice box logo is what I, I don't know if you remember, but that's what I wanted since day one. Yeah, you said that, Satchel said that. Everyone has said a juice box logo from day one, but for me, there's a fine line between a juice box logo and something that just looks like a it can come across a bit corny because we're Jupe and Juice and the focus is always Juice, Juice, Juice, Juice. But we want it to look good as well, right? So it's like getting that balance right. And we'll get there. I mean, this is someone actually submitted a coffee cap. Yeah. Literally, like for like. Lyrical Lemonade is a YouTuber slash producer, music producer, who's worked with massive rappers. And his logo is this, right? Lyrical Lemonade. It's popping. I love this logo. Someone submitted this logo to the logo competition, but they just changed the wording. Yeah. Change the wording and just black background with a gradient. And put Jupiter juice on it. Yeah. But to be fair, we don't want to get like copyright strikes. So we couldn't run with that. But it did look good, to be fair to him. But yeah, so it's just really about us trying to do exactly what you're saying, Sloop. Trying to get our like branding right. down to a t right so i personally have been working on our stream setup i've changed the whole layout completely again i've got it looking to a certain standard that i like it there's some tweaks that still need to be made but it's very like simplistic the curved edges are going to be like uniform throughout um our like videos and stuff uh there's certain layouts like the the one-on-one ratios of our short videos now look similar to our actual stream uh we're working working with the editor to sort of change the whole coloring thing and the messaging behind our shorts we're doing lo-fi stuff we're going to focus on a balance between hi-fi and lo-fi that you know because there's a thing where Okay, volume works really well on X and the stuff that we've been experimenting with works well on X. But will it work well on TikTok? Will it work well on YouTube? No. So we need to also cover those angles as well. So we've got a trial working group member who's going to be joining us and working with us. We can't really say who that is right now, but it's already in the pipeline and stuff. It's locked in. yeah it's locked in and we'll be when we can but yeah so we got someone who can work on the lo-fi stuff uh and then we'll be working satchel will be working on the lo-fi and hi-fi stuff and we're just trying to like hone in on our twitter sort of branding and then have that cohesively through x sorry x uh tiktok and youtube and then spotify as well so we need to um get that branding right so it just works uniformly across the board um And yeah, we've been focusing on Twitter and how to engage and the Clouds workshop that we've done with Uplink. That was a big success. And I took some of the things he said and, you know, I've implemented those things. That's why we're thinking about all this different branding stuff, making things cohesive. Like our shorts just should look similar to our threads, let's say, for example. So people know when they see a thread and they see a graphic on there, they know it's a Juke & Juice graphic. They see a Juke & Juice short on the timeline. They just know it's a Juke & Juice short, even if it's not posted by us. And so we're trying to make that all work. how we do it is harder than just speaking about it, but we're in the motions. And yeah, working with Uplink on that workshop really helped sort of get that balanced and kind of figure out how we make this all work. And so, yeah, that was a massive W. How many people turned up to that? Was that like 800 people? It was big. It was one of the bigger ones, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it was about 800 people across X and Discord doing that workshop. And, you know, I put some replies out on the weekend sort of taking into account what our good friend Klaus was saying. And some of those replies... got like one of them got like 170 likes just on a reply on a on a tweet so you know and then loads of comments and stuff like that so it does work if you really think about what he said and i urge anyone to go and watch the juice cast that we recorded of it and uh you know implement those kind of ideas that he shared with us because they do work i mean i tried it over the weekend and you know you know crazy crazy numbers crazy engagement on comments and going so yeah so So that's it. That's what we got to share. I mean, more internally, we're just trying to become a more streamlined machine. That's what we were doing before we ended up on DeFi, Dupajam, and then Office Hours. Workflow. Yeah. So when we finish this, we go back to our dock and becoming more streamlined in our workflow and operations. So yeah, that's it for now. And also, when CatDevWorkGroupDupandJuice... Come on, Matt. Soon. I was going to say, I think it'll happen soon. Did you guys say you're going to your vote next month now? Yeah. That's really the thing. That's why it's... Fair enough. So when you guys know, let's get it locked in sooner than later because obviously it's important that we do that. But yeah, whenever you can. Yeah. And that's it for Jupe & Juice Working Group. I thought that logo thing was so much fun. Did everybody here on stage vote? I didn't. I abstained. Because fuck, wait. That's what I said. Yeah, you had your own kind of... Were you the only one who would have voted for yours? I probably would have voted for the three guys. One of the three guys that voted for my own. Crazy. I voted for yours. I voted for two. Yeah, I voted. I think most of us voted. I saw a lot of known people in the comments there. It was really fun. Opax is asking how he can vote. Jump on Juke and Juice and have a look. Actually, let me share the tweet and then you can just vote on the tweet. It's just a comment. Just put a comment down on the tweet. We didn't do a poll for that specific reason, like Wake mentioned. Wake was putting the poll in and I was like, wait, wait, wait, no, no, no, no, don't do that, don't do that. The whole point of this is for us to get them engaging and let's ask them why they're voting and what they're voting for and we can go back and forth with them. And it's just, you know, it encourages that conversation and makes something a bit more meaningful. you know, personal. And so, yeah, it was, it was a cook. And then someone put, put a poll in the comments as well. Someone went and put a poll in the comments and I was like, yo, we didn't put a poll. Oh yeah. Explain the reasoning behind not putting a poll. And then the guy was like, yeah, or something. And I'm saying that I'm getting the tweet and I'm taking forever. Anyway, that's us. That's us. Oh, sex, you got one vote. You got one vote from Vinny. Vinny is winning. One vote, let's go. Maybe I need to extend the period to like a week and then I'd rally people just to vote for mine and just rig this whole thing. Oh, was I muted the whole time? Yeah. Yeah, bro. Have you been talking? Yeah, let's kick it to OG now to give us the uplink group updates. Yeah. What's up? Start off, I guess everyone has kind of realized by now, but no planetary call on Wednesday. Jupe rally was kind of in place of that today. Like Jupe and Jupe's voice said, the Twitter growth workshop went wrong. went really well, I thought a lot of people showed up for that. So thank you all for helping us do that. Been working with the CWG to get Jesse, GC and Fabiano ready for the Dow Grant vote as well as Dr. Prebaugh. It is not too late to join the I've Sold Dream Challenge. It has to be done on Juke Mobile. and i think we'll do one down the line too with ape um but we kind of want to separate them but this five uh five sold to start and then just trade your little hard way and we'll uh basically run a script and see um who meet all the requirements and who had the best um i guess profit from that and it's five thousand june uh prize pool So pretty hefty there. And now that Joop's back at around a dollar, it gets more and more valuable. Apparently, our Twitter got restricted as well. I don't know if you might have any advice about that, Sorg. Because I know it didn't happen to the DAO account as well at some point. Wait, the Uplink Twitter got restricted? Yeah. Oh, yeah. Show me the messages it's saying. Well, Cryptic or Seb, didn't you send a... a screenshot of it in one of them? Yeah, I just was cruising around and then I went to check out your Twitter account and I got this kind of blocker or message that it was restricted and I had to approve it. Show me what it says. So yeah, that sucks. I posted it in the chat. Yeah, account is temporarily restricted. But then when I clicked, I guess, view profile, I viewed the profile as normal, just so you know. Yeah, were you, like, commenting, like, significantly more than you usually do? Yeah, we started, like, before, like, probably a week ago. We got our interns on the Reply Guy game, so maybe that has something to do with it. Yeah, maybe. And we just, we made everyone delegates now because we think maybe it has something to do with a lot of people logging in and out. So we'll try and troubleshoot it, but, yeah, not ideal. Because we did do so well on the first month, we grew it to like 5k. Trying to grow to 10k by the second month since inception. Obviously just got a little bit harder with this, but I'm still going to persevere. Since when was this? Because I'm not seeing it. I'm like also checking from like other accounts. I think it was during the weekend. okay so it's probably a couple days ago it's probably been lifted then okay um let's get it now Yeah, sometimes that usually happens if you go from like no form of a certain activity to like a lot of like you just like go zero to 10 for certain things. Yeah. Like it happens when we posted like five times in a day the first time that we got that also like when I commented like a bit for the first time after like never commenting with it. I got we got that. So yeah, just like ease into it, I guess. Okay. No, it's also people like logging in from different IP addresses. That also has like something to do with it, I think, but it should be because it's happened for me on a couple of accounts before too, but it should be just this quick little verification process that you do. And then it should unrestrict you almost like immediately. Yeah. And I use the VPN stuff to like use Camino as well. So I don't know if maybe that has something to do with it. Yeah, it could be, could be. Yeah. It seems good now, though. Okay, that's good to know. All right, we'll move on. Been pushing out a bunch of APE and ASR content. That's kind of been our focus the past week. So I'm sure you've probably seen a bunch of that stuff. I'm meeting with someone actually tomorrow that has contacts with someone from Meta. Because I don't know if anyone's ever dealt with Meta before, but you literally can get in touch with someone. So pretty much having to pay someone to get comms with someone on their team to try and get Instagram back up and running. If we still can't figure it out by the end of this week, we're just going to create a third username and pray that that doesn't get taken down. Yeah, maybe that's a higher priority. What's that? I think Instagram now has paid badges, if I'm not mistaken. Are you paying for that? Yeah, we tried to pay for that, but I think you have to have a certain amount of time without a badge to be able to pay for it. There's some sort of stopgate there. Okay. Yeah, so hopefully you should get that figured out by the end of the week. Fingers crossed there. Okay. Then I need to catch up on grant applications have kind of been behind there. So if you submitted something in the past week or so, I'm going to try and get that get that updated by the end of the day today. And cash as well is out of office. So don't reach out to have me want to answer. And then. I personally did an explainer video for PPP with JupyterJuice, so that was cool. Thanks guys for kind of leading that initiative there. Jupyter's very own Clark Kent. Yeah, that's pretty much it for Uplink. Okay, cool. Kima, why don't you start sending up the JupyterEco overview while I give some of our updates? I'm just set up already, dude. I'll have to be in the screen share. Don't do the highest quality because it's going to mean half of us can't see it. You can't see it. Update-wise, this week there will be a vote most likely. Nothing super complex, but we're going to prompt the DAO whether or not to raise the vote quorum, which is currently at 60 million. So yeah, just stay tuned for that. The next thing is that we're also going to release a bounty soon. So I'm not sure if you saw like the messaging, you know, I was putting out about Jupiter's home, we want to kind of pair that with the mid journey guide we made and get people just to prompt the best image that kind of resonates with that, that phrase, the Jupiter's home phrase. So yeah. yeah be on the lookout for that as well mostly we've been working on the grant system and having mentorship meetings with people i think there's like 16 groups of people right now that we're like regularly talking to and meeting with uh some of them were just linking people up with other people some of them were giving advice on how to best move forward things of that nature so that's that's our main focus for right now i think we'll have the first actual grant recipient announced this week so Yeah, Morten, would you add anything to that? No, just a general update that if you're interested in working towards the ground, if you want a mentorship session, please reach out. We're still taking on new people, so if you have something cool you're working on, just let me know and we can set something up. I'd say 16, AG, not 60. Oh man, can you imagine if it was 60? Oh my god. Oh, man. Because I have like hundreds. How cute. There's 278 applications right now. Oh, God. We need to create a filter. Approve $67,000 so far. Okay, I have a good filter for you, but I'm going to run it by everybody first. And I haven't cleared this with anybody, so it'll be fun. One word. I want everybody's earnest reactions. What do we think about Dao Meagle? A meagle or the Dao? This sounds dicey. No video, just audio. No video, just audio? That's strong. Then you end up with no people with their hands where they shouldn't be or anything. I like it. Anyway, that's that. It's time for other stuff. Okay, cool. So new Jupyter. It's pretty much the same, except it's not a basic homepage. It's everything is structured into hold on. This is loud. We can't hear anything. You can't. Can you? Can you hear me talk? Yeah, I can hear you talk, but I can't hear the music. I couldn't hear the music. What? Damn it. It was good like grocery shopping music. That's too bad. That was a big thing. So the DAO website is basically structured into like four main parts. You can assess those via the menu. But we have the Joop Nexus. We have the Media Kit. We have the Opportunities. And then we have the Links. And those are basically the four main pieces of the DAO website. We also have our FAQs and acronyms as they work. But the first of those is the Juke Nexus. On the homepage, it's been a little bit revamped. We have a preview of opportunities and then the three different other pieces here. So you have the Getting Started Guide that will give you a little information about each of these things. We have the Media Kit or link to the Media Kit that explains the Media Kit a little bit. And then we have a little explainer for the Jupyter Nexus. Media Kit, we've done a bunch of different things on. So I think I'll jump into the Jupyter Nexus first. And we'll pray that everything works. So this is a bunch of different repositories. Basically, right here, we have a written repository that is filterable and searchable and all the good stuff like that so that you can find important things. You can find tweets from Meow. What does that aggregate, by the way? Tell them what that aggregates. This aggregates Twitter and Joop Research. Is there anything else, Morten? Morten helped build most of this back-end stuff. Is there anything else I'm missing there? oh yeah i mean i was essays on his website i believe yeah twitter yeah research uh there will be newsletters here uh pretty soon uh as well as some other other content we're sort of aggregating a lot some of it's done some of it is almost done right now i think it's mostly due research posts and twitter posts Yeah, you'll be able to see the difference between those. Obviously, the Twitter ones look like Twitter embeds, and you can scroll up and down them. And that's pretty much it there. If you click into an essay, it's all their dedicated pages so that you can go ahead and send those to people. You can read them here, etc. All that good stuff. So that's the main piece of the written repository. Nothing too crazy. But if you are curious about searching for a specific thing, like, oh, I want to talk about PPP, you'll be able to search all of the data for that. And then, yeah, the other categories as well. So ethos oriented stuff, newsletters, etc., But we have a similar setup for uplink's videos. Same thing here. This aggregates all of the YouTube and TikTok shorts and YouTube shorts, basically all the things. So you have the short form content and long form content, which you can filter by length. So you have short form, medium, and then long is 10 minutes plus. And then there are different categories here as well. So you can do interview, jupedown, music video, other, planetary call, etc. So it just gives like a full broad overview without necessarily having to go dig into each individual social account. And again, huge shout out to Morton and Uji for getting all this data together. making it workable. What benefit does this have over the traditional YouTube structure of how the... It's just hard to find specific things that you're looking for on YouTube, if I'm being honest. If you saw a video and you don't remember the name, then what do you do? You go and click through the YouTube and scroll and look for it. I mean, you can do that. Ideally, this is a little bit easier. And if it's not, then... And then just generally, if you're interested in watching a bunch of short-form content, You can do that here too. You can click in and then click through each of the videos and watch them here, et cetera. Yeah. It's mostly the... Go ahead. I was going to say to add to that. Also, I think... once we kind of get more, a better foundation on the other platforms, we'll have, um, like Instagram and Tik TOK videos up there as well. Yeah. Yeah. So then we'll be able to like basically aggregate everything into one place so that if you want to go and find like the main resources or main thing that's important for us learning and, and also being able to share specific videos or share specific things. Um, like if you're wanting to explain a topic to a new down member, it's like, okay, here's a video you can watch. Here's a thing you can watch. Uh, you know, like having all this stuff readily available. And I think probably something I'll add is the ability to copy a link to each of these, although you can just click on it like this and then right click, copy the link, copy the URL, but I'll add a good way to do that in the future. And then over here we have a workgroups tab, and this is just a generalized workgroup, or I guess who's in each workgroup, et cetera. And then it shows if they are a trial or a full loan work group, etc. And you can link to all the members, ex-accounts, all that good stuff. And then finally, we have a bunch of infographics made by OPEX. So you can go in here and search for a specific infographic and and I'm going to make this icon a little smaller. But then you can copy that image URL. You should be able to find that real quick. And then paste that in Discord. I broke it. Morten had it fixed. I broke it. But you will be able to copy the image URL. Just for example, copy the image URL, paste it in Discord, and I'm off to... No, okay. Bye-bye. But yeah, all the infographics that OPEX has sort of created are hosted here so that if you are curious about a specific thing, you can search for that specific thing and see if there is an infographic that just makes communication more easy. And then next we have, I guess, the media kit. I'll just go over this very briefly because we've done it a lot before. But most recent addition is the mid-journey guide. And this has all sorts of different stuff. Although I didn't get this from this publisher. I'll have to show you. So this has all the things you need to know for Midjourney, and it's ordered in order of importance. So first we have our DAO prompt, which is what we've used to make all the cats on the website and all over the place. And you can copy that prompt here, paste it directly into your Midjourney thing. And this is the same for all of the resources or the DAO prompt. related things here as well. So if you opened up mid journey, you wanted to try out this descriptor or this image, you can copy that. It'll copy it, copy that and get all the prompts there. Same with these parameters, every other thing on this page. I won't go too deep into that, but that's basically the function. Curious about something, click to expand and then yeah, grab the prompt and do as you will, make some stuff. And then here we also have design files. This is very simple. It's just a Figma. And then you'll be able to clone this Webflow website if you want to try making it around or making-- It has all the brand icons in it, right? All the icons and-- Yeah. So the Figma, it's going to take a minute to load. But the Figma is a read-only version of this Figma. And this has all of Jupyter's brand icons, which are super, super useful. And then it obviously has all the colors and a bunch of other random patterns and other messy things that I've made. And you can grab those things. A bunch of random images as well as my journey prompts and beginning of a grant slide deck. It's basically my working file. And so you will get access to pretty much all the stuff that I make. Once they decide to delete it. But most important, it has the icons. And if you're looking for a specific icon, this can seem like a lot. Let's say I needed a search icon, as I just did. You can use Command F to search through Figma and find that. And then finally on this page, we have the brand assets. And this is the same icon. looks like a broken navigation but i'll fix that in a second uh here you can copy all of the svgs the vector graphics to clipboard so if you are doing any sort of graphic design this is super easy super useful you can get a fully scalable to an infinite amount of size version of the jupiter logo and then also the jupiter word mark and logo and then also the jupyter word market additionally you can download all of these as up here and you can also download them to your But if you use the copy to clipboard button, you can just copy that, run over your design software, and then paste it in. And there it is. And then below that we have the fonts. You can download both Sign and Inter. So Inter is Jupyter's font. Sign is the font that we use primarily for all of the DAO website stuff. So you're welcome to use that. It makes good for display things. And then Inter is just better for like regular text stuff. And then this is just general typography guidelines, how to use typography well. And that is pretty much it. And then finally, I guess the quick ones, links. This is obviously just a link tree. You go through there. It's all about opportunities. Yeah, I'm just, I'm doing it. Okay. And then FAQs and acronyms are just as they were. So you can search through these, click through them, check out what they are, et cetera. And same with acronyms. Same story there. And that's just the same as it was before. And then finally, we have DAO opportunities. So if you go back to the homepage, you'll have noticed there's only three opportunities here in this point in time. But the way we see this is it's kind of a more generalized version. It's not as specific as your typical like bounty version. And as we're trying to put these groups together, I think people's first question is like, okay, well, what can I do for the DAO? And so on the DAO opportunities page and on the homepage will be featuring specific opportunities. You can also see it right here. I have an example one that says assist in graphic design in the menu. So I would say that this is like the biggest point to the website, which is like, okay, what can I do? This will sort of be the place where we put ongoing, I guess, health-oriented items. There will be both paid and unpaid opportunities. So if you're just curious about working in the DAO and you want to sort of build up your DAO resume, your JoopDAO resume, there will be things you can contribute to and things you're interested in. And then additionally, there will be, if there's an open position in a work group and we haven't been able to fill it or find anybody, that will go here. I think there will be more ongoing bounty-oriented things in a generalized sense, so like core workgroup bounties or, as we have here, uplink bounties. We won't have every single bounty on here, but it will link to the bounty platform. Is there anything else you want to add to that, Spork? No, I think it's just a good resource for people who want to think, how do I get started at all in the DAO? And I think this is going to provide different avenues. And I think we'll let people submit their own things. Like, hey, I'm forming a design group. Hey, I'm forming this group, that group. And they'll be able to find other people to join up with them. How do we, like if we want to post... Like a job or something. Just hit me up. Okay. Yeah. And then we're also, we have a bit of backend stuff to do to finish up Juki. It's like 95% done, but we have a big backend migration to do. And then you should be able to use the editor to post that or alternatively Airtable forms. Yeah, yeah. I'm considering creating a form for the work group so that they can submit their sort of content. Yeah. For anyone else wanting to link up with someone to do essentially any kind of work, just let me know and I can put up something for you. Yeah. And then we'll have appointment on this as well. I'm sure it doesn't have them, but we'll have some like on the when you click into a bounty, it'll be like, who do you contact? And then link their probably their Discord or Telegram or Twitter or something along those lines. Yeah. And that's it pretty much. There's a cool 404 page. And that's it. What was the prompt for that, by the way? I know you used the DAO prompt. Oh, I don't know. I mean, it's the DAO prompt and then probably just like cat lost in space or something. I don't know. Yeah, sounds about right. But yeah, that's the DAO. That's the updated Jupyter. Once it's completely, completely done, we'll start propagating all of its use cases out into the Ether. Yeah, and then only favor I would ask of y'all is to go click through on your phone or, you know, whatever laptop you have. If there's any issues, just let me know because there's always a screen somewhere. I had to mute you, Seb. You're yapping with another Norseman. Yeah, so if there's any issues on Jupyko, feel free to send them through. If there's something buggy or whatever, we're basically making our last few round-- last round, I guess, of bug fixes. And then Jupyko largely goes into maintenance mode, and there's not much more development to be added to it. So yeah. For now, at least. Yeah, at least for now. There's discussions of AI and all the other things, but yeah. Okay. But yeah, that's all the work group updates for now. So I guess in the last 10, 15 minutes or so, we will open this to the audience. So guys, if you have any questions, feel free to either raise your hand or post it in the chat and I'll read it on your behalf. Where's our Indian superstar at this week? I know, I'm sad. I was like, where is he? I thought you're talking about cash. I was like, yeah, you heard cash was on vacation, bro. Like what do you talk? Cash doesn't sing to us. He's at a wedding. He is a superstar. He's a superstar, but he's not singing to us. There's levels to this. I'm kind of mad he's not here. Like I was about to take my shirt off on live on camera, but he's not here singing. Now you can. Now there's no reason. Does anyone remember his handle? Let's add him, let's get him in it. I know, let me check the videos, let me check the videos. I feel like there was two Ts. Liap, Liap has him. Yash-teen. Y-A-S-H-T-I-N. You imagine if we actually got him in there, that would be wild. Actually, I saw him speaking in Meteoro Discord. he's cheating on us is he singing in a meteor right now? I'm not happy about that he's cheating on us I think he's being faithful to Jupiter Tao I think he gets it guys we need a new super chat while we ping Yash any questions from the audience any discussion topics anything you want us to yap on about feel free to raise your hand or just post it in the chat. Seb, you can unmute yourself, by the way. You have the perms. Just right click yourself. I have a question. I'll do it again. It's not actually a question, rather more like a suggestion. You know, all Jupyter, especially Meow, is prepping some stuff until the end of the year. So why don't all of us work groups, like we need to prepare something for the end of the year or something big. Let's make something big for all work groups to deliver to the community. what do you say what do you have in mind like of what nature exactly do you have any i haven't i haven't planned it yet uh but like i was thinking cat now and like uh imagine like working all together on one big project or one big video having all uh work groups work together for the community before jupuary like we prepared something really big maybe a video maybe a story about uh how Jupyter Groups worked all this year, like a short documentary or something. That would be really interesting to have because this is end of year and it's almost been a year since the airdrop, so it's going to be something nice, something very special. like i wouldn't i wouldn't say thinking about a cool idea yeah let's let's talk about something very cool like bring everybody on camera all of us like uh speak some words i can edit a footage an emotional long ass footage for a four or five minutes video just all of us explaining our experiences and working in work groups and getting jupiter where it is right now because to be fair Yeah, go ahead. What? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that would be awesome too. You know, like having this video or this project doing it all together, first of all, brings all work groups together. Since somebody just said something, a very nice metaphor, it's two different branches, but the same tree. I think it was Morten, maybe, I don't know. So like we're all working towards one exact same goal, which is Jupiter and the community of Jupiter and the JupGadgets. So having this idea or like this project brings all of us into harmony. I think it's going to be something really big, something really emotional to all the people who experienced all working hours, weekly working hours, all calls, all votes, all messages. Like, have you ever watched... There's a documentary I love to always watch which is called I think Ready Player One, I think something like that, which is a documentary about a video game. Wasn't it a movie though? It is a movie. I think the name is a movie. Wait, did you think that was real, Sachs? He did. No, no, I'm not talking about the movie. Okay, it's called Free to Play. Free to Play. Free to Play is a documentary for a tournament that happens once every year. So they collect all the players and they tell us stories of how they got there. And that would be really interesting to build up this emotion Of all the communities of all working groups towards this call, and we have almost like 3 months. To do so, so I think everybody, if he take out. And now what a day from our times and our, um, specific work groups to work. Directly to this kind of project, it will be really big. and make a really good impact before jupyter because you know jupyter is going to be a very impactful end of year review vibes but like emotional and fun yeah and twitter is going to be blowing up even people who doesn't follow jupiter who doesn't follow solana they're going to be intrigued about the airdrop and the airdrop news so it's going to be the talk of the town for the next month Jupiter is going to be the talk of the town for the next month. Preparing something like this is going to really hit and it's going to be very emotional and people will enjoy watching something like that so they'll be ready for the next year and they'll join in for the same experience. Part of the video, let's get everybody to absolutely destroy my DMs. Go take, make a creative video, very short, just a very creative Joop is home statement. You just say to the camera, wherever you are in the world, and then send me that video, and then I'll do something with it. Yeah, that would be really good. Imagine like every face looking straight into the camera, 16 by 9, Joop is home, Joop is home, Joop is home, Joop is home, Joop is home. And if you have Joop merch, wear as much of it as possible. Yeah, I'm gonna wear my Juke & Juice t-shirt. Yeah, and I would say even record it outside somewhere, like just with your phone or whatever it is. Somewhere nice that also looks like where you live so that we can say like, oh wow, look, it's everywhere. And I think that's the key. That's wholesome, that's a really good idea. Let's make a post about this. Let's make this quick and short and and give it four days to prep so we get thousands and thousands of videos and I'll just clip them all in together almost have them the same color codes or something but actually no the color codes is better to be different since like there's warm country yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah show locations and then I think we post it around Iran New Year's I think that's a good day for it Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. That's, that's a plan now. It's happening. That should go out soon. Yeah. Because it's on the feed already. Yeah, for Joop's Home, I think we should make it really... make it, release it really quickly. That's something really cool idea to do, but it's not what we're gonna be doing for Joopuary. Joopuary's thingy is gonna be much bigger than this. But the Joop's Home, like I... this is Monday, today is Monday. Let's post this, all of us, send clips to, let's say, Kimo, or let's send them to me so I can put them all on Drive. for five days. I finish the video on Friday. It's not going to take so much time. And on Friday, our workload isn't that big. So I make the video on Friday and release it on Saturday. What if this wasn't done as one video, right? What if this was a campaign? What if it was a campaign? Yeah, totally. Like what if we set this up as a campaign where everyone posts this on their Twitters, right? So I make a video about Jupiter's home on my Twitter. I post it. Satchel does it on his. Kimo does it on his. So on and so forth. So many people are just flooding the timeline with Jupiter's home. Oh my god, and we do the compilation. Yeah. Yeah. We make a compilation with all the different stuff and it hits so many people's timelines and so many people are like, bam, bam, bam, bam, Dupu's Home, Dupu's Home. And then we put that together and make one video out of it, but it's like, rather than just taking those files, we're slamming the timeline with Dupu's Home, like this, you know, this... Meta that's being created We gotta get everybody Any of the team that go on camera Meow, Cash, like as many of us As possible, that would be sick Because if you've got a phone and you're on Twitter You can just turn that camera Can you do that right, can you just turn that camera on And have the face And just be like, Tupac's home And just whatever, say your piece And cut it and post it Or let's say, my name is My name is X Tupac's home So that would be really good. Yeah, yeah. My name is Sacho. Joop is home. My name is Sachs. Joop's home. Yeah. How do we mobilize the community to do this? Like, how do we make this campaign an actual thing? Discord announcement and Twitter through Joop Dao. And incentive. Incentivization. Incentivization. I don't know how to fucking say it. Incentivization. Maybe there's no incentive, right? Maybe the incentive is that it will end up being in a compilation. Because... my head is like, I don't like putting dupe to everything, right? Like when you start putting dupe to everything, it's not a genuine take. I want genuine takes of people that really think dupe is home, not someone who wants 50 dupe or 100 dupe. Do you know what I mean? So if we can mobilize the community and get them to put out these takes, I, like, like, Jupe and Juice can ask for it, the Jupe DAO can ask for it, Uplink can ask for it, all of us collectively, collectively as work, yeah, CapDeck work group, all of us as working groups can collectively ask for the community to do this thing, right? And, uh you know they post we could even make an example post and be like jup is home and then it's just the video you know of of the person i'm so and so and this is why jup is home for me and it's like maybe they don't even say that they just say jup is home it's just a video of them with some sort of background and that's it that's their contribution jup is home and someone from the work group can do that video as an example and we could literally do like individual posts between the work groups and have one member of each like start off the trend like start the example give the video you know yeah and we can do it we can do it like meow did it or like the people who did it to meow they quoted tweet his quote to tweet his quote to tweet his quote to this so it's an endless loop of poetry tweets yeah yeah like i don't mind i could start i can get up my camera and do it right now this is this is going to be big yeah and then you know it just it just we try and make it trend you know like as this video thing go go go go just keep it going out of it yeah then make a compilation and it's like every working groups uh put this call out this call to action out to the community and this is what we've got back you know and this is like everyone's you know different working group members community members this is the jupiter jupiter's home compilation uh yeah i think that could be really cool man if we can do it yeah pull it off yeah yeah and that would underline like a triumph I would underline what you said, Sax, which I think is it's very important to double down on. Don't put out a bounty for these simply because it makes the whole thing ring hollow. So I think that's a very important thing. No bounties. Yeah. JD suggested a two second highlight of cadets PPP takes as well maybe in the jupyri documentary video that's something where it would all just compile in and be part of it like if we were doing some sort of big video small snippets of everybody who's done a PPP take and any other interviews and what not I think this idea is going to be really good and this is going to be preparing us to see if we can actually pull it off the jupuary thing, the big ass video with the interviews and people's takes on stuff like that. I like initiatives. Nice. 100% easy. Nice. Well done. Good office hours. These are the kind of fun conversations that make DAOs fun. like everybody gets all in the process but it's like when you're like you're sharing ideas and getting excited yeah like excited about them together it's like that's the sauce that's the real sauce yeah exactly i should say that's the juice that is Like I've been in office hours for quite a while and I notice every time that each one of us speaks of what they're doing or what they're doing. It's the time. It's the time of the season. It's never like what we're doing as a collective. What are we doing as a collective? Yeah. Exactly. Let's make it big. Let's go big. Let's make people proud of voting for us. Let's make people be proud of they actually voted for each and every one of us to be in a work group. So we work all in harmony towards one goal. PPP, Jupiter, let's go. Drop the mic. Let's fucking go. Love it. I love the energy, Satchel. Satchel, that energy, bro. That's our guy. That's what I saw when we were looking for the editor. First, it was like energy, man. And he's come through with it. He's come through with it. He's like a Duracell battery. Yeah, the best editor is a storyteller and Satchel's got that kick. Oh, yeah. That's good. I was literally the reasoning behind why I really like Satchel as well. He tells stories really well. All the edits that we saw, the stories I could... Me and him clashed on the actual edits themselves, but I was like, the storytelling, Satchel's got it down to a T. And then I was just like, oh, let's do this, let's do that, try this, try that. And that's the other thing. He's always willing to iterate and iterate and iterate. It gets annoying, but to get to what you really want, you have to work on the same thing over and over again. And you don't have to be a perfectionist, but it's like we're two different people, right? So we have to meet somewhere and we always do eventually. It's great. Exactly. Yeah, Satchel. What's your tech stack? What are you editing in? Your Descript? What's the tech stack for Satchel? It's CapCut. CapCut does it for me. Oh, shit. Nice. And sometimes there's words that I don't even understand, so I have to get a proficient in English, which is Sack's awake to watch it. I'm like, oh, that word is this, this, this. I was like, sorry, it's not my main language, English, so it's getting hard sometimes. But yeah. Cool. Cool, cool, cool. Sweet. He uses After Effects, though. He uses After Effects as well. He uses a few other shits. Yeah, but Descript, which we tried using... Yeah, we tried using Descript, and it's a great tool, but... I don't know, man. It's like... It's a bit expensive. It's very slow, heavy, and expensive. Slow, heavy, and expensive, yeah. ChatGPT is fine, dude. If you can get timestamped transcripts and just put it in ChatGPT, you're good. Yeah. To be fair, this script is extremely accurate. But yeah, it is extremely slow and extremely expensive. And remember that a lot of our stuff is like massive files because of the podcast. Like three, four gigs. Yeah. Well, even eight gigs and stuff. So when we're putting that into Descript, it takes so long. It's like a pain to use it. And so it just kind of... Yeah, you're super limited by your internet speed. Like if you have fast, fast internet, it's not too bad. But if you have anything under like 400 megs, then it's like, oh God, I have to upload this. Yeah. And then download this. Yeah. Yeah, it's hard work. Cool. Cool, cool, cool. Fun. That's exciting. I'm excited about that. I think a good retrospective look would be, sorry for our stupid worry, maybe this one, maybe the next one, but retrospective look at what the jupiteriates did for people. There's a lot of people I met and have chatted with that were like that and that changed their lives in some capacity. It was kind of like the bonker drop in that same degree of like, oh my gosh, my life has changed. Yeah, the That'd be a great storytelling opportunity. I know there was one on our timeline that it saved his dog's life. Oh, yeah. I remember that one. Yeah. So, yeah. A lot of cool stories there. Okay. Well, we are past the hour now, I think. Yeah. Came up with a really clutch idea at the end there. So I'm glad we did go over it. Yeah. Liam, you wait till the literal last minute, dog. Okay. Okay, for you, okay. I think you're talking about the Soju grants. Soju does like $300 micro grants where he only covers. No, that's not the case. Yeah, that's not the case, Liam. Yeah, what you said is not the case. For Soju's grants, that is the case. Yeah, Soju's doing individual grants straight from the team, basically, for initiatives to do with onboarding IRL. Like the bubble tea thing? If you want to go grab coffee, yeah. If you want to go grab some coffees and stuff, I actually need to get doing it myself. I want to go down to my local Starbucks and just set up a table. That is accurate. What I said is it's not meant to be salary-inducing. uh so grants i mean i i did say you could have some reward personally within the grants but They're not meant to be salary, if that makes sense. I would say there is a difference between being rewarded and taking a salary. Yeah, I would say it's also a timeline thing, right? Like if there's multiple months of... pay occurring on a grant that's probably more trial work group oriented right like if there's if there's multiple it's like ideally you know we put the upper limit at 10k but like the thinking there was like there's very going to be very few things that are actually going to get that initial amount because that would only give us like you know what 15 15 grants out of the entire budget. Yeah. So there's very few grants that we're going to do with that 10K amount or up there. And also like, does it spread out over, you know, however many months and well, maybe that's something that's more suited for trial worker oriented stuff. Yeah. So more than what you're saying, just to clarify your point here is that people can get paid, but it's not supposed to like supplant like their regular salary. So like, yeah, it's like, sounds like a dev making 20k a month that shouldn't, they shouldn't come in for the grant and be like, okay, this is my rate, sort of deal. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, and like you said as well, the timeline is also important because if you consider it like an actual salary, it can eat up a lot of your ask. which will sort of inflate your total grant and the whole, like what you would typically spend on what you're doing sort of diminishes by the salary you have to factor in. So I would say rewarding is fine. I mean, that's what grants are for. Salary, it's somewhat, I would say there is a difference. I don't know if I'm making myself clear. The thing I regularly tell people, and it's a bit generalized and vague, but what I tell people is just ask for enough that you'll have enough time to prove your value. So when you go to a trial vote, potentially, you'll have enough to justify it. And I think additionally, there's no reason why you can't get two grants for the same project. Yeah, absolutely. There's absolutely no reason why you couldn't do a little bit and then ask for another grant and then maybe even ask for another grant. There's no stipulation that you can't get another grant. We even initially said that you should have at least two grants completed before you go to a trial work group. vote because then you've already got like okay look not only once but twice i've demonstrated value for the dow which is an important separator because like anybody can get a grant once for the most part uh getting a grant twice means that you did that first one well so yeah i'd also say like that's that's no longer like the case necessarily it's just you have proof of work and the grant so yeah yeah And does other, like would an uplink grant qualify? It's just proof of work in the grant. Yeah, it's a proof of work. It's like a generalized. Yeah, a generalized proof of work. It's like, can we see that you've done something? Can we see that you've, you know, there's different ways to show that, right? Like two grants is one way to show that, an uplink grant, a CWG grant is a way to show that. Maybe no grants at all and you've just been doing stuff for a long time and everybody knows you. It's just, let's just do stuff and we'll empower you. Let's do stuff and empower you guys. Yeah. Just do stuff and we'll be happy. Yeah. Yeah, where there's a small enough community. Did you guys feel empowered after you guys did stuff? What's that? Yeah. Thank you, Wake. Thank you, Philip. What was that? What was the question? What was the question? Did we feel empowered after we did stuff? No, no, I'm just saying that those are the grant systems do stuff and will empower you. And then I asked you guys as a former grant recipient, were you adequately empowered after you guys did stuff? Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, 100%. Are you asking, did the grants empower us? Or did we, did the DAO, did the team, did Jupyverse empower you after you started doing stuff? Oh, massively. Massively. It's like the rocket fuel, bro. We speak, we spoke to professional podcasters, right? Like, just put this into perspective. Professional podcasters that have told us it's taken them four years to get to, like, the stage that we're at. And so, we... there is no joke like we would not be where we're at now if we didn't have the jupy versus support right there's no doubt it's not just financial it's every aspect right it's the community it's the it's the giga brains that are around us that we ask questions for you know and get answers for is every little thing the jupiter exchange the jupiter dow the account meow like the people that are you know just take like willing to give you a nugget of advice and you've got to just take that and run with it you know those things have helped us so much and you know our growth has been 4x 5x 6x other people who have been doing this for a very long time professionally so it's the rocket fuel man that's what that's what i call it i call it the rocket fuel jupiter is the rocket fuel for anything you want to do and make it a success 100% we're empowered. I think you touched on something very important, which is like, is what you're doing empowerable? And that's a very important question because I think there are certain things you can do that aren't really, you know, like if it's just like, I don't know, building some sort of backend data system, what can we do as a DAO to empower that? Not a whole lot. Because there is the Jupyter team already focusing on products or whatever that might be. What can we do as a DAO to empower that as an initiative? Well, what we end up having to do is basically taking it on as our own initiative rather than empowering the people behind it. And I think that's a very important issue. piece of it and that's not any sort of hard rule or you know there will always be exceptions to these things but it is like okay well can we grow you as an individual in addition to the thing that you want to do or you as a crew in addition to the thing you want to do because that's really important you know it's teach a man to fish Yeah, like, in a way, DeFi, Jupe and Jam could be used as a good example of that. You know, they're being empowered, like, through both the CAWG, Julian being on the show as a co-host with Miria, and then also through Jupe and Juice, through being, you know, casted to Jupe and Juice, getting all of that reach, like, through, you know, the reach that Jupe and Juice has. And helping them host and such. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think people... And it's a massive empowerment. I think in, like, three to six months' time, people are going to, like, have like an oh shit moment where they kind of realize like how many resources are like really here because like once the jupin juice account is like 5k once the cat that accounts like 10k uplinks 20k the dow counts like 30k the main accounts like 500 plus k um that's so much frigging amplification you're literally not gonna find that like anywhere else in web like anywhere else Yeah, and that's willing to just take you and propel you like we are. Like, yeah, it's amazing. Yeah, for context, it took Slorgan. I rocked it. Yeah, it took Slorganite to get to 10k each on Twitter. Basically a full year straight of writing like two to three threads together a week at like probably anywhere from 20 to 40 hours a week. That's how hard it was to get us our individual accounts to 10k. And we were like super hyper optimized and all that stuff. Granted, it was like bear market, but it was it was a grind, super huge grind. And so like this is the can't be understated sort of the social leverage. uh there's in play here yeah and just as cast said there in the chat you know schedule additional you can schedule additional additional meetings with the cwg cawg even jupon like all work groups are here to like help you know give you feedback on what you're doing in any way shape or form so just don't be afraid to reach out be annoying and getting yourself seen in what you're trying to do to add value This community, if it isn't already, is going to be just the single greatest powerhouse resource in Web3 because we're so cohesive and aligned. I see it already, but I'm convinced everyone else is going to see it in the next three to six months as well. Yeah, it's happening. I mean, yeah, if we start doing, like, working all together and, like, joining workforces, I think, yeah, it's going to be the biggest community ever in Web3. I just love the excited smile it puts on your face, Satchel. It's great. We're DAO flexing right now. We're DAO flexing. Great fucking office hours. Love you. All right. But yeah, I think we'll end on that note. We'll end on a high point. So yeah, thanks to everyone who came out and asked their questions and participated in this and just vibed with us in the audience. We appreciate you guys coming every week to these and hope to see you at the next one. Love you guys. I think in the next one, I think in the next one, we should be discussing the outcome of what we did this week, which is the video. Yeah, let's do it. Shoot the rocket fuel. Oh yeah, by the way, before we leave, there is obviously 536 people watching the Office Hours on Juicecast. So thank you to all of you guys as well for logging in and watching. Do come and join us. We're here every Monday at 5pm. UK time, 5pm, but 4pm UTC. 4pm UTC. So yeah, do come join us, man. And share our passion for JupiterDAO. J for J. And your... Day for day. Thank you, guys. Peace. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow.