musical appearance. One sec. Alright, do we have OG around anywhere? Yeah, I was thinking, where is he? Maybe I'll drop him. Is he sleeping in perhaps? OG is sleeping on office hours? God damn. I doubt that. I really doubt that. Bro is stretched thin right now, man. Yeah. Certain warning? Just give him a little add. Alright, welcome everyone. These are the CWG office hours, which we host every week. If this is your first one, effectively we go over all the work group updates and then we get into audience questions. So if you want to come up on stage and ask anything at the end, you're completely free to do so. So yeah, I think let's just get into it. Let's start, of course, at the 12 o'clock position on the clock with Jupe & Juice. So Satchel, Irish, Sax, Wake. What do you guys got for us in terms of updates this week? Just before I tell you all that, our boy OG is in a meeting and he'll be with us in a few minutes. Oh, okay. Perfect. So there we go. I thought you were about to shill a ticker or something. I was getting nervous there. The ticker is J-U-P. Yeah. So what's happening this week? I mean, we just got together and started discussing what we want to do this week. But we actually started discussing something else because our good friend Katoshi jumped in the chat and we started talking about how we could maybe make some content and stuff with the CAWG leading up to their vote. But yeah, so I'm a little bit sidetracked. What are we... Wait, help me out. What are we doing? So last week, just a quick roundup, we did a thread on bits and pieces. We got out a bunch of shorts. Had a good space of meow on the weekend also, which was fun if you guys haven't listened to that, you should. Yep. Also, we got Spotify sorted out. So now we are on Spotify. So anyone who's interested in listening to our content on Spotify and also the Planetary Calls, there is a Jupiter Exchange specific Spotify and they host our podcast as well as the Planetary Calls on there. So that's all up and running. Obviously, the YouTube is also up and running. We've been figuring out how we can... Move to TikTok possibly. But that's still something we're working on. We've got guests. Yeah, we've got some cool guests coming on Tuesday and Thursday. So on Tuesday, we have Benji from Smoking Chicken Fish. I don't know if you guys have heard of Smoking Chicken Fish. But yeah, Benji, the guy who's taken over... over the previous pasta is coming on. And we've also got... Monkey Dex, Mick. Yeah, Monkey Dex. We've got Mick, who's from the community. I think he's going to be working on a grant proposal. And so he's coming on and speaking about that on the show. So we're going to be doing that. And then Thursday, we have ECG and Forest, which are two environmental proposals. And our community guests for that day will be Seabass, who's like loud on Twitter, not very loud in the Discord, but loud on Twitter about Joob. And we... Yeah, the other thing was we were working on the branding stuff, right? I think I mentioned this last week. And so the branding stuff, it's been taking a lot of time and a lot of effort. But I think we're getting there, man. Everything's starting to look really nice on stream and off stream. I don't know if you guys saw in our previous episode with Will Fletcher and Leyland. So we're changing the way we do our posters and stuff. If you look at our Spotify thumbnail, it has a specific juice box on there. We also put those juice boxes, we make these custom juice boxes now that look hyper-realistic for our guests. with their PFPs on there, sort of, like, customising them and making it feel super personal. And they tweet them out, we tweet them out. And also, like, the whole stream, like, intro video is something that we had since Photo Empowerment Days. So we've worked on a whole new video. There was a temporary one that we put on, the Will Fletcher ladling video, but there's something that we're working on, which is, like, super, super special, I would say. So that's... um that's something we've been working on and we're still working on now and also the logo stuff so the logo is like new and improved but uh we're still iterating and getting it to to perfection but that's you know going to be shortly updated on our when you see our profile picture on um On exchange, you know that our logo is totally finalized. So that should be happening this week. It's been a gap in Jupe & Juice for a while, so we've been focusing on that. But yet, branding aside, that's going good. That's going good. You may have seen that Jupe & Juice put out a meme coin beginner thread on the page. So those that are new to meme coins, be sure to read that. It's pinned on the Dupe & Juice profile. It will be unpinned for a new thread coming this week, but it takes you through some of the terminology that you hear in your group chats or whatever, but you don't really know what it is. Like, what does liquidity do to the price? Like, what does distribution mean? Like, all in very simple terms, but I think that you need to know these things before you start trading. and use 8 Pro. 8 Pro is good. There's going to be another sort of follow on thread on that that goes into like, so we've talked about the basics and now we're going to talk about safety, typical scams, how to avoid them, things to watch out for. So we're trying to like help, but also bring the community with us in helping others. For me, One of our like core roles is to find PPP leaders in the community and like get their voices fucking everywhere. I can't wait for the day that a PPP type interview or an interview with a community member goes viral. They get very well known and we then bang, we have another touch point to get us to where we want to be as a DAO. And I suppose that's a bit of a call to action, isn't it? Like we're looking for more people to come talk to us. We did a series on PPP with you guys already, which was amazing. Thanks to everybody. But we're going to go more in depth. We're going to have more PPP questions to ask you. So reach out to Irish, me or Sax, if you want to do that. It doesn't always have to be PPP as well. It's everything DAO related. It could be your take on the quorum vote. It could be your take on the supply, whatever it may be. It can be good stuff. It can be bad stuff. It's really how you feel about the DAO itself, about Jupiter, about working groups, whatever, man, just come to us. Let's get that content down. Let's get it out there and let's get your voices heard. And actually, we see some really cool stuff as well. I want to shout out, I don't know, he's probably not here. Maybe he's watching on Juvecast. Boulder Pixels, this guy made a really cool thing on Reddit. And actually, he took it from the PPP videos. He took quotes from... Yeah, Corey's... Yeah, it's his name on X as well. His at is BoulderPixels. But yeah, Corey... Sorry, I should have said Corey. Corey made some really cool... And actually he won, he came third place on the bounty as well. He won the dupe. Oh yeah, we've done that. So everyone got their bounty, just so people know. Everyone's had their bounty paid out and everything. We had the finalists, we announced that and we've given them their dupe and everything. So that's all done. And thank you for everyone for taking part. But yeah, back to Corey. Corey took the videos and actually he made his own infographics and quoted what people said in those videos um and then shared it on reddit so something that started on x or started in streamyard moved to x and then moved to reddit you know so shout out to him for for doing that and they they look really the graphics were really nice like um julian highlighted it to me that's how it you know i'm not on reddit personally they these guys were doing something in the discord the other day i'm sure they'll talk about it but But that's where it was highlighted to me. And I was like, wow, that's really, really cool to see someone taking content and making more content from that content and putting it somewhere where I don't really focus on Reddit as a Jupe and Juice. Although Wake, you spend some time on there and stuff. But it's like... someone went and put content from what we created over here somewhere else so love it love it everyone should be thinking about doing these kind of things so the more stuff we can get out there the more stuff like that can happen so come to us let's make content let's get it out there and that's it yeah really quickly an important thing for us to do as a DAO is to get the content and the cat that work group did this very well on the weekend. I was very impressed. It's capturing these voices that you guys hear and see on the feed and discord on Reddit and amplifying them with the research we've got as a unit, as a team, like separate little groups in the DAO. I think that's like one of the most important things that we should be doing right now. That's my opinion. Is that for every working group? Yeah, of course. I met, well, CWG, maybe not, but Nah, CWG, yeah. Because they've got a DAO account. Yeah, so, yeah. And it's all PvP, right? Let's all support each other. And let's all... Let's cook. Let's fucking cook some shit. Amplify. Maybe not literally some shit. No. Not literally there. That's very silly. Let's cook some shit, but not literal shit. Because that's not what we're about. Gross. It's a good way to get in Ballybelly. That is what we're about, actually. Maybe not Juven Juice, but yeah, we're about it. You're about Ballybelly? We're all about Ballybelly over here at COG. It's one of our mottos, actually. It's a weird flex, but okay. You do you. Okay, let's keep going around the clock, I guess. And next person we hit is Rolex Gold. So Cadet Group, Rolex, Katoshi, Cass, and Julian. What updates you got for us? JM, JM. Julian, do you want to go? Or we can each kind of go down our own maybe, yeah? Yeah, I'll just do like a summary and then you guys can add in anything that you think that I missed out, you know? Cool, cool. Okay, yeah. So I think the past week... We did a couple of things. First of all, I think some of us were helping out with the upcoming work groups or grant recipients. Kind of helping to either more directly in terms of, for example, supporting the DeFi Joop Jam episode last week. So speaking of which, the cadence for that, those episodes will be once every two weeks now, moving forward. And I think, yeah, so kind of supporting that. And I think CAS has also been supporting grants recipients in terms of helping the CWG to help to kind of mentor and also organize the voting, the voting among these kinds of culture. Because the cadets community as a whole, we do have two votes, I would say, for the grant recipient. And the CWG has three votes currently. So one of the votes is kind of like delegated in a sense, or I would say aggregated from the CoCs. And then the other one currently is aggregated from the CWGs. cadet working group right so i think over time there's also plans i i believe which was in a proposal to kind of like add more votes to the to the cadets right so i think it is potentially can be extended to like um interesting ways yeah so we'll see how that goes and then and then so that's that's one thing um last week and then we also I think the past couple of weeks as well, there's been more efforts to grow and expand on Reddit, with Opaqs leading most of the efforts. So Opaqs actually joined us slightly more than a month ago. actually close to two months now actually yeah so he's been he's been with us right for about close to two months now and he's been doing like a tremendous job right with reddit so so far helping to like moderate it helping to post like updates there and also like his personal takes on stuff and his personal voice on things right so so that's that's really great so uh yeah you know we'll continue to support him and like help to grow those efforts as well One other thing is, yeah, I mean, we all try to contribute, you know? And then another thing that we kind of focused on last week was also kind of creating more relatable content on Twitter, on X, right? and try to experiment and explore different ways to create different styles of content. We had a session where we learned from the CWG as well about how to use Meet Journey more to craft certain images and content. So that was very helpful. And then we also had several sessions where we just come up with ideas and come up with different types of content that we think can really tap into the relatability side of things more. We're still exploring it further, but I think something that should be quite interesting. And then we did a first session of the cadets PPP hour yesterday. So this was the announcement about it I posted in the chat. So this will happen on Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday at 10:30 AM EST. Shout out to Juke and Juice for creating the series of PVP interviews with the community members. I think that provided a good foundation as well for everyone to understand the idea of PVP better. and see what other people's stakes on it are. And I think one of the key lessons here as well is that PPP is not just about blindly supporting or saying yes, being a yes man. It's also about giving feedback and providing support on the journey in a finite way, in a long-term way. It's about doing things together and supporting each other together. So during these sessions, we kind of like surface content from the community, surface community members, cadets, right? Kind of give them the spotlight and also give them like the opportunity to, you know, feel supported and get their kind of content being more visible, right, to the community. So I think through these sessions, we also hope like we can kind of like get more community members to eventually appear on other events as well like Joop & Juice or whatever to get them more and more involved in the Joopabuzz. Then I think finally the last thing that we also worked on was that we did a reskin and update of the cadets site. So if you haven't, you can log in with your Discord and update your profile. So I'll just do a quick screen share, take a look. So basically, we kind of reskinned it, right? And then it's essentially you can, after you log in with your Discord, you can just go to your profile and you will be able to kind of update your connections, profile details, and your wallet address. So you can choose whether you want to make it only visible to the admin, which is just the CWG and so on. If we need some of this information, for example, your skills and whatever, we could potentially match you up with different groups. And then your wallet address potentially could be used for any, I don't know, things in the future, for example. Awesome, Julian. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So... Yeah, so you can go ahead and fill it in, right? And hopefully it's useful, you know? I'm really happy with the date selector here. Yeah, it's super sleek. This is the one that I like most, yeah. Okay, anyway. All right, so go ahead and try it out and let us know if you have any feedback and stuff. You know, we can incorporate it and stuff, you know? Yeah. And it looks like it pulls, like if you're a cat of culture, if you're a cat that I see this too, does this also pull, like I believe that you guys are trying to make like a tag on the Reddit or something? Is that still in the works? Yeah, so I think the next step we're going to do is kind of like, so like for people who are going to be active on Reddit, then we can, I mean, we can kind of, at a moment it will be more like a manual thing where we add the flares for people who are like, for example cadet right we can add like a cadet flare for them on reddit and i think you will apply like the other way around as well oh that's pretty cool yeah yeah but this is kind of like not automated yet right we're not at a point where it's automated yeah but this this these two things are this one is put directly from the discord login yeah this status yeah so the link is just cadets.jeep.eco slash username right you can just go to the home page and just like click the portal login or like click this thing here to log in lovely stuff that's killer work man thank you thank you okay that's how to work that's all from me from the cwg um test rolex and katoshi you guys got anything to add on i think you pretty much covered everything yeah um yeah i don't have anything that that's new Yeah, for me, I think covered it all too. I've been working really hard with CWG or probably working. I don't know. I've been working a lot with CWG to help them with the grants, recipients and everything and getting those guys ready and those people ready to receive grants and to go up for COC votes. That's been really fun. But yeah, if anyone needs help with grant stuff, hit me up. And then the other thing is maybe this week I'll work on updating some of these docs here. Because as you guys can see, there's docs on this page. They're a little outdated, so maybe I'll go through this week and help and spruce those up. But yeah, that's the documentation right there. All right. Let's continue with the workgroup updates. Next person we hit is OG. So yeah, OG, what do you have for us from the uplink working group? Hey, what's up? Okay, yeah, so I'm sure some of y'all saw, but we partnered up with DRIP. So, Jupiter Exchange is now on DRIP. If you haven't gotten that collectible, I would definitely recommend it. And I'll put the link here. That was cool to set up with them. And we'll continue to, I think we'll do like a weekly thing with them as well. I just had a meeting with kind of like an Instagram consultant dude. That's kind of why I was late here. But essentially during election season, the AI algorithm that basically controls like accounts and, you know, determining whether their bots or not gets ramped up. So kind of need to be. Like this is, I think the 3rd or 4th, we're having to make a new account Instagram account. So. I'm sure this 1 will be good. I'm hoping that we can start. We're kind of just getting warmed up before we announce the. Announcement for it. Yeah, we should be getting that set up pretty soon. It's been like a 3 month process and just creating accounts, getting them taken down and then recreating accounts. But now we like. We just nut it up and kind of reached out to someone that. Has experience with this and that's so that's that's actually helping a lot. Um. So that's good there at the Jupiter mobile review bounty. Those will be announced I think today and I'll send the money out for that, the jupe out for that probably later today. We also have a five soul and a dream bounty that's going on right now. I think it ends tomorrow, today or tomorrow. I'm not 100% sure. So make sure you submit for that if you were doing that challenge. I personally did the challenge and pretty much lost everything. So that was really cool. Super glad about that. Yeah, we also have a, this is kind of like a collab bounty coming out with the CWG. We're going to do a product demo bounty video that I will release tomorrow. So we'll have an announcement for that as well. And I think one thing we're going to try and emphasize a little more is like, Instead of like creating all the content, being more of like a stewardship to the community to help them create content as well. So I think I'm going to get with clouds and we're going to try and do more regular workshops, meaning that we'll we'll find a date, I think, twice a month. And it's like whatever first and third Thursday of the month. That way, it's like a regular scheduled thing. It's not just kind of impromptu in that sense. So we'll get that going. And then we actually, if you all know, Will McFletcher, he's been hired for our new Twitter intern. So he's cooking up some good memes for the Uplink Twitter account. That's a kind of brief overview. I'm sure I'm missing some stuff, but I kind of got rushed into this after that prior meeting. So yeah, I think that should be good. OG is working the job of like 20 people right now. It feels like it sometimes. Why not 30, OG? Why are you limited yourself? Yeah, why are you stopping there, bro? Come on, man. Come on, bro. I also wanted to mention too that I'm kind of looking at it. I think it got mentioned already, but just want to kind of say that It was great working with Dr. Prebaugh these last couple months with Uplink and excited to see how things grow with the DAO. I think he deserves it. It's cool to see the growth there. Just want to give him a little shout out. Thank you, man. I think we have a Jupiter Mobile video coming out soon. Sweet. I know you've been putting in work for that. i think it's the best one yet genuinely yeah it's pretty good i've seen the preview it's pretty good it's pretty good yeah cool Yeah, pre-vote, we're going to give our updates and I think we'll toss it over to you for a little bit. Sounds good. But yeah, first things first from our side is the latest vote went live last week, the quorum vote. It's still not too late. You have 23 hours left to participate. It is by far the most participated in vote of all time yet in the DAO at 337 million votes and climbing. which is pretty crazy. But yeah, if you're still unaware of what it's about, the idea is to change the quorum or the vote threshold. It's currently at a static or fixed 60 million. We propose two alternative options. One is just a fixed doubling to under 20 million. The other is the one that came from the overwhelming community demand on the forum post itself, which we were like, okay, we definitely have to add this and that, which is to peg the quorum to a 30% of stake juice. So that means... If the amount of state is 100M, corn would be 30M. If it was, if the mouse state was 200M, it would be 60M and so on and so forth. So it changes every time. But yeah, go out and go out and vote guys. Get out and vote. You still have about a day. Next thing is. OG already touched on it, but there's going to be a bounty this week that's a collaboration between the CWG and Uplink. And the reason for that is very funny. It's worth telling the story. So it's something that they've been wanting to do for a while, but we also have almost independently pursued it. Morten and I put out a tweet about three days ago saying, hey, if you're into product demos and DAO work, please reach out to us. And the amount of... people who reached out to us has got to have been about 70 to 80 people. It was just, in the first hour we just got like message after message almost like every two minutes was a new message on Twitter and our Discord. It was just such an overwhelming amount. We were like, okay, we should probably do a bounty to kind of parse through these people. And we reached out to OG. It didn't make sense to do two separate bounties so we're going to co-sponsor this one. Yeah, I was so shocked how many people are out there just making product demos. There's so many of them, guys. It's ridiculous. Did they all submit videos? Or was it just like... When asked for a proof of work or prior work, about half of them, I would say. I would say about half of them had stuff on hand. Right. Interestingly though, about like 10 or 20% of them didn't make product demos, but were just like, "Hey, we want to work. Do you have anything for us?" So yeah, there's lots of people wanting to do shit. It's going to be interesting over the next months and year to try to activate them, seeing how that goes. Sounds like it's going to be kind of competitive to get into a product demo work in Joop, which is good. Yeah, I think we'd always encourage people to join forces when appropriate, but also I don't think there's necessarily a bad thing of multiple people trying to do stuff, if they're good, right? We want to retain that sort of talent. And as you know, the workgroup journey is full of pivots. So I think just getting the talent inside of the DAO and just accustomed to working in Web3 is really a good start. And that's what matters. yeah yeah and the third big thing that we're working on currently is of course the grants we're working closely with the cwg on this cass has been a big help he's attended several of the mentorship sessions and he also spearheads the coc vote um there's five votes currently two of them are delegated to the cog and one of those are delegated to the coc so he's been doing a really good job with that um sort of like sparking those discussions uh and we we also gave out the first dow grant two days ago to Dr. Pribong, who's up on stage, and he's going to talk about it in a little bit. But yeah, we do have a couple other close contenders who are right up there, who will probably receive one in the next week, if not next two weeks. But yeah, guys, if you are interested in this, feel free to always reach out to Cass, Morten, or me, book a mentorship session, or just get started on the work. The main thing is the work. So yeah, we'll support you. just as we've supported the majority of the grant contenders so far. And Juke and Juice. And Juke and Juice, of course. I mean, you guys were technically a grant recipient. You were like technically the first. You were technically the first when the system was informal. Yeah, I think that's a good transition to Dr. Pree Balan, who is on stage. So, yeah, doctor, I guess my first question is, are you actually licensed to practice medicine? No. Fake doctor. So you're just a PhD then. Okay, got it. I'm a PhD. I have a Bachelor of Arts, so I'm a big-time fake doctor. Like a chiropractor. But yeah, I guess like, why don't you start by just telling us like your relationship to Jupyter to date and I guess like also your relationship to Uplink, just kind of going over those beginnings. Sure. So I started using Jupyter in November of 2021. I was just sick iridium stumbled across it was great and pretty much that and then obviously two years later got the airdrops that kind of like got me um you know more interested in the community and everything and then uh i was making a couple songs for wormhole and then pass noticed and reached out to me and that kind of started started my relationship with uplink really before uplink was uplink um cash Cash was just kind of like having me make some of the videos and stuff. And that's where everything started. So over time, that relationship grew. Uh, I, um, went on to, uh, start receiving like grants from uplink and whatnot. And, um, cash, uh, brought, am I, am I correct in saying that cash brought OG in and then, and then, uh, OG and I started, uh, OG started kind of like working with me on, on just planning things out and, you know, corresponding and whatnot. And, uh, that was the beginning of our working relationship sometime this summer and it's been really good. We were able to, I think, scale things faster and stuff and I started making the videos too, not just the songs. Now here we are, we have a whole grant just to make music videos and expand this into the possible entire label. So, hell yeah. Yeah, and I actually kind of mentioned that today because... So one of the things, basically now looking forward, I guess, if I can talk about that, unless you wanted to ask me another question. Can I ask you one quick question? Yeah, yeah. So like... One thing that I think you do particularly well, but I think most people have probably noticed is like you somehow are able to create like Web3 music that isn't like cringy, for lack of a better word. Like it's actually like bump, like I've actually gone out of my way to like listen to it like in my free time, like a couple of the songs. So I'm like wondering like how is your approach like so different from like what's existed so far in Web3 that you've actually managed to do this? I mean, I always try to emphasize like, like just really, really high amounts of quality and like the, like the flow of the lyrics, right? I think a lot of like, like, when I you know how like, you have seen like those like really, really cringy, like, like, rap pitch videos for like, you know, tech companies and stuff. And everyone's just like, what is going on? Like, um, you know so my my my goal has always been to avoid you know uh i guess you know coming across that way and i feel like a lot of like what makes that not so effective is they always choose like really really old school beats they'll they'll pick like a early like like like an 80s hip-hop beat almost you know like like like ancient and then like they'll like write some like very, very like standard, like almost like an LL Cool J type rap over it and stuff. And it just doesn't, it doesn't connect with people because that's not what people listen to. It's not what, you know, people are interested in these days. A lot of mad respect for LL Cool J and all the eighties and nineties hip hop rappers. But, um, People are definitely more likely to relate to a little bit of auto-tune, like an 808 on the beat. That's just what people listen to nowadays. So that was kind of the first big thing that I started focusing on was that and even leaning into the hip-hop genre and stuff. I think it just resonates with people and is fresh because not a lot of people are using those musical styles for this type of stuff. Beyond that, the lyrics are... When I write the lyrics, I'm OCD about the rhymes. uh you guys if you guys look at like the lyrics in the music videos you'll see a lot of like three syllable cadences you know like um like relevant elephant you see what i mean like each each syllable must be rhyme i feel like a lot of rappers and a lot of musicians and whenever they're writing songs for uh tech companies and stuff they're not like they're not thinking like that intricately or they don't they're more focused on making you know the song about the right thing i i will just work until the puzzle fits you know until it sounds um sonically pleasing you know and it also matches with what what the hell i'm even talking about in the song you know so i think it really just does come down to just taste and objectively as objective as tasting I think you're like in a very unique position because like once again I do think like you're one of the very few like web3 musical artists who's like very like palatable to people like listenable like bumpable even like is that something like that's that sort of hit you like not in like a not like an ego way but like have you sort of like acknowledged that about yourself and your music? Yeah definitely something that I realized um it's something that I realized probably a couple months ago and And it's funny, it wasn't something that was like immediately apparent to me, I guess, because in the real world, you know, like on like Instagram and stuff, like if you're an artist and you're just trying to grow, it is so hard. You know, there's so many, there's so many, there's so much competition. There's so many people, you know, just like you making music, doing everything you're doing and more. Right. Whenever I started making music in this space, I realized that there was kind of like a gap or like, you know, there was almost like a lack of competition in some sense, I guess you could say, you know. And so I feel like it was easier. When I realized that, I was like, yeah, like it is easier in some ways just because like so many artists like aren't even here or aware that like, you know, there are opportunities in this space you know you can really make your own do you do you feel like you're poised to like you know guide and like you know help more musical artists make less cringy crypto music yeah that's going to be one of the big goals for sure is getting the community involved in the best ways we can um i already hit up miria funny enough and a bunch of other people have also hit on me I think I'm just going to make a giant list of musically talented people there's a guy who hangs out in the voice channel it's called dbt loner he makes some tracks as well you should try and hook what about what about yastin you're gonna throw him in there throw our celebrity yastin yastin acapella don't go poaching yastin from us But I feel like, you know, there's a lot we can do as far as just community involvement goes. And I would like to get some community members involved. on either on a song or just like some short form content you know i want i think making me and slork talked about this but just the idea of like making many pieces of content kind of in between the bigger music videos you know will be a really really good way to sustain interest and keep going and keep you know the algorithm consistent and favorable and whatnot so i think uh you know within the DAO those for those those mini pieces of content it'll be a good place to look and I plan on kind of coaching the people who I work with on on their lyrics and stuff I'm gonna let people write but I'm gonna review so we'll go through and stuff sounds like a good way to do it yeah yeah I guess um on the last thing I guess like why don't you touch on like what's what's the vision for the future here right so like you're the first grant recipient um I think you're going to probably stand a pretty good chance to become a trial just based on seeing your past work and your work ethic. Although I'm not going to make assumptions, but like what's the vision of the future here, would you say? I would love to expand this into a full, I mean, essentially like a label in some sense or an artist management, you know, op in some sense, right? Where basically we're able to reach out to artists that aren't in crypto or aren't in the DAO or are adjacent and secure features with them to, you know, expand the reach of the music videos and whatever's being talked about in them. Internally looking to the community to get more people just involved in whatever ways. We were talking about doing a rap battle or a compliment battle, which I think would be funny. Eventually, I think we want to have our own downies for beats and for... I mean, even maybe just like if someone has a song idea, you know, and wants to submit it and you think it's good enough. Do you think on that, like that you do, like it wouldn't have to be explicitly promoting it too much just because like it's not say Jupiter related or maybe it is whatever, but like a cadet playlist that's like of, other people in the community that might be talented that make their own music or something as well just so that it's there yeah that's a great idea it's a great idea and and actually one and another thing one of the songs i i want to make is like uh like a cat dad's cat culture like shout out song oh yeah that'd be sick how i did what It'd be really cool if you could involve a lot of the cadets in Capsiculture to add ad libs or something as well, so you can hear a lot of their voices. That would be sick. That would be so sick. Yeah, I think that would do really well because everyone who gets mentioned is obviously going to engage and retweet it. It's one of the easiest forms of engagement. and then yeah I mean if they're in the song just get someone to like write the good lyrics and then have like some specific like if you can get personal parts from different characters in the DAO and then get their lyric to kind of embody that and then have them just say it so that it can be recorded that'd be so mint that'd be so cool oh yeah So I have a ton of song ideas. Please, if anyone has any more, feel free to send them to me. I kind of just am making a giant Google Doc at the moment. You know I'd be in your DMs. Yeah, yeah. I just want to see you collaborating with Saxx, because I know Saxx is like extreme. Yeah, we need to activate Saxx. Yeah, yeah. yeah yeah this is like a secret like he tries to say he grew out of it but no no we need sex what i heard is like next level like it's really impressive we usually played the last song he made isn't it a diss track yeah that's right i did i did hear that it was really good it actually is it's fire yeah it's should we should we it's time to reduce gas I mean the whole reason why I didn't get played was because the person who was supposed to be battling me didn't like you know didn't bring a diss he just didn't yeah he just didn't at that point it feels like bullying you know so but now is he even a member of the is he a member of this community anymore or is he like what happened to the guy on the fringe Last time I checked he was working on like something AI related I believe for like his own like company thing, but I don't think he's like regularly here anymore I've seen him since he resigned from his position Pursuing a personal graduate degree. Oh, yeah Yeah, fair play fair play. He's doing something to educate himself fair play is what it is. Okay but yeah people i think like you're you're really ahead of the curve here just because like the fact like you kind of pointed out exactly is like there's very little competition with three like even in terms of like something simple like threads, right? Think how many thread writers there actually are in Solano. You can probably think of five. You're going to be hard. It's going to be hard to think of 10. And then think about like video makers, right? Like you could probably think of like three or four like regulars. You're going to be hard pressed to think of 10. And then like musical artists, like there's you and I can't think of anyone else really who does it. Bangers, I guess. But like she doesn't do it regularly. Yeah. Yeah. I see. Right, so I think you're like really ahead of the curve here for sure. But yeah, I appreciate you coming up and kind of like just talking about the grant and stuff and your vision for the future. If anyone has any questions or any thoughts, feel free to DM me. If you're musically talented, please DM me. Yeah, I want to make this as, you know, community involved as it can be. And of course, you have all of our support here, so. Thank you. Whatever you need. Much love. Mårten and I do have to hop at the hour for another call. So I think at this time, we'll kick it over to the audience questions. So guys, if you have any questions, please post in the chat or ask to come on mic. And then I think for the very, very end after the audience questions, we'll let Jashton come up and sing us out. Well, just before anybody does do that, a big thank you to all the X viewers. We got 1,513 viewing in right now. So thank you to all of you for tuning in. Meow, meow, X. Meow, meow. Follow G for juice. We got one question. Freakyzoid asks, when this track? I mean it's this that sax thing like sax is dangerous like when I heard what sax can do yeah I really like Doc's idea of reversing that and actually doing complimentary tracks so you could pick a member in the community and do a complimentary track for them. It would be kind of cool, man. Try it. That's PPP, man. PPP rap out. You're trying to compliment the other person more than they're complimenting you. I love it. Yeah, it's nice, man. yeah i agree i agree with doc it's a great idea appreciation track yeah yeah yeah seriously well you could do like maybe maybe just to show like everybody like the the talents you actually have like really talented like maybe do a diss track like this ethereum or this mother chain or something you know that would be definitely collab with doc on that he's already you've already done a vitalik diss track right We can make a part two. It could be like it's still not going up. Yeah, bring Saks there. It's going to be a massacre with Saks on board that. Oh, yeah. We're going to send ETH Bitcoin to 0.04 or 0.02, I mean, or whatever it is. Yeah, it's a dead chain. It's okay. I think we can get shit done without throwing shots at people. No? No. Probably for sure. No, we can. Like you said, it was just to display the talent in that. Yeah, yeah. Let's do a wake diss track, actually. Yeah, that makes great sense. I don't know. I don't know wake, but you're the same man who dissed Lil Pump live on stream the first thing you said to him. I don't know how you get to talk, bro. You can easily hop up on Little Pump's faces and diss the man. Me, Doc, and Little Pump make a diss track for Wake. That would be so good. I feel like Little Pump would be down. Little Pump, I feel like he would keep me down to get on track. You just get meowing at the end going, fuck you, Wake. Why is everybody going at Wake so hard? It's all love. Wake can handle it. If Wake is like, this is someone, it's like there's probably this merit to that. Wake just doesn't do random dissing. You know what? Wait, wait, just can I circle back to Doc, right? You know what would be great? If, like you said, you think Lil Pump would be like down to make a track or whatever. Like if you could, if you could somehow collaborate with someone like Lil Pump or someone else who's like notable music outside of Web3. Yeah. Yeah. they're the two ones that I can think of and they're massive right but it would be so little pump maybe more so than Iggy would be so huge man it would be amazing I think little pump would be tight like that would be awesome honestly Yeah, that would be like a little side mission for you, although it would be crazy. If you could do that, get on a track with Lil Pump and actually get something down, that would be so huge, man. That would be super cool. That would be super cool for sure. Yeah, I'm going to talk to Don. Me and Don are going to link up today. We're going to kind of go over things. We met up with one of his artist management people the other day, and so we're going to hop on a call with him again today. The guy does... He like runs a festival that, uh, like Holly Berry and like T-Pain and Akon, like all these like 2000 people, um, perform at. They sell it out every year. So he knows a whole bunch of people through that. And, uh, he's going to be one of the main guys that we use for kind of like getting ahold of people and stuff. So we're going to meet up with him again today and stuff. And, uh, just try and see like you know kind of brainstorm like people who would be good and then also like who's attainable you know especially just in like this kind of like you know grant phase right now with what we're working with so w on behalf of the dow we're happy to have you bruh i'm glad that the journey with you and the dow has started i don't know why It took this long, I suppose, because the grants process was being formalized. But I'm glad we're starting, bro. I'm excited. I'm so excited. It makes a lot of sense for you to be the first to go through, for sure, based on all that. I've been telling them. I've been telling my whole family about it. They're like, you're doing what? Yeah, you should be proud, bro. Just big things. Very big things. To be fair to... You're making money off of music? Holy shit. For fake internet money? Wait, hold on. Let me get that right. That's the most absurd part of it all. They're mind blown by that part, for real. It's funny. But you deserve it, man. It's been a long road. You know, you've made loads of music as well up until now. And so like, yes, okay. Stat talent. And, you know, you've been on Jupe and Juice and spoke to us as well. You know, that's a, that's a big, big factor for me. Yeah. I love being on it. Not biased at all. Bring on the Doc Preballing concerts. Let's go. I should aspire to do what you've done by coming on. You should even just do Doc Preballing concerts in the Discord now that you're working on it. Make it an event. Make it an event that your trial work group does. The DJ sessions or something. Let people come freestyle. Yeah. My voice meter or OBS or whatever whenever I stream Ableton is messed up. That's one of the first things I gotta fix. I can't do that. You're right, that'd be a good one. Yeah, dock ciphers, man. That would be hard. Even if it was in the Discord. Maybe reduce custom to X. Yes. have some ciphers and stuff freestyling that would be kind of it'd be really cool yeah i also think i also think like uh um if if people like want to submit beats and stuff i might make like a public beat pool and like see if we can find a way to let people vote you know it's like future use and stuff and then yeah so that's that's something that the guy i suggested to you does the dbt we actually have one or two of his beats like as background music when we're just yapping on the juke and juice so he wasn't like that's It was like this famous, used to be famous at least, like Deadmau5 doing something like that where he engaged with the community to create beats and stuff that turned into really awesome house music. I believe so, yeah. I didn't know he did that. He became super famous because of it some years ago. So it's a really cool recipe to go about it. Yeah, it's a very engaging method for content for sure. We do have only a couple minutes left. That's all for the updates. That's pretty much it for the office hours, but I'm going to let Yashtyn up and play us out with some music now. Let's go, Yashtyn. Yashtyn, Yashtyn, Yashtyn. All right, Yashtyn, I let you up. You have to accept. There we go. What's up? What we got today? What's up, everyone? Yo, yo. Let's go. Let's fucking go, bro. Fuck this shit, man. That's the energy right there. That's what I'm talking about. I'm so excited to be in this community, in this project. I wanted to sing since a lot of time and I got a chance today to sing and I'm so much excited. So let's fucking go. What you got for us today? Bro, this is my favorite Swifty bridge. So I'm going to start singing. Get ready for the biggest bridge. Let's fucking go. Let's do it. Every night that summer just steal my feet. Oh, I scream forever, sword. I love you and that the worst thing you ever heard. He looks up, grinning like a girl with snail. The shape of your body, it's blue. The feeling of body is cool. It's cruel, what summer? It's cool. That's what children know. Break of a hammer, ooh. I love you and that the worst thing you ever heard. oh it's over let's i know where's the soundboard the round of applause soundboard dude you can't use it in here but i noticed that the viewership actually went up since he started singing so it's like at 42 it's at 44 now it's the energy bro it's the energy yeah bro i just know this bridge I guess Satchel took off his shirt just for the occasion. He's always naked, bro. He's always naked. I feel special. Oh my god, that day. I just came back from the gym, I took a shower, I'm only in my undies. They were on Discord and then they disappeared. I know where to find them, they're gonna be on StreamYard. So I hopped in on StreamYard, I was like "Hey boys, we need to do this, we need to do this." I was like "Oh my god, my guy, please, fish have closed, we have a woman coming up!" Crazy shit. So, did everybody vote? Yeah, I just came through. Oh, there's a vote T5 strategy going on there, Armish. Nice. Yeah, don't forget to vote. Hey, yo. It's true, it's true. PTSD, bro. Yeah. Morten and I do have to hop over to something now, but yeah, once again, appreciate everyone for coming out to this. Thanks to Yashin for giving us our musical entertainment again. I hope you come back next week again with another song in your heart. I think I speak for everyone. I say we all want to hear that. But yeah, guys, thanks for coming out. And always remember, do stuff and we'll support you. And if you guys have any questions about grants or whatever, reach out to Cass, Morten, or I, and we will see you next week. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow.