Jupe and juice on my chest, so this is my shirt. Simon wants that too. Let's get into some updates now because I'm sure people are pining to ask some questions from the audience this time around. I just have an inkling. I don't think anybody's curious about anything right now in Jupe at all. We should be discussing this. Where's... That's a cool gift. But yeah, I guess let's just start with the updates in the usual clockwise manner. So going to the 12 o'clock position. Jupe and Juice, what you got for us? Soup and Juice, what have we got for you? We've listened, we've experimented further. I think our branding is now starting to take shape. We've got like a stronger identity on X. I don't know if you guys can like confirm that for us, but that's how we feel. We've sort of been shaping ourselves as Soup and Juice. And so, yeah, that's what we was up to last week. Obviously, I don't know if you guys have seen the final logo. Obviously, the logo has taken a lot of time, a lot of work, a lot of effort. I've had one for a long time, but it's like adjustment. Yeah, we've got it. I'm going to be really honest with you. Every time I wake up in the morning, I see the group chat. I see like six, seven iterations of Logo and Sax asking, which one, guys, do you think is better? We pick one, then the other day, which one do you think is better? Yeah, it's because... It's an evolving logo. Yeah, it's been ever-evolving, and it's like we get a lot of feedback, and then we take that feedback, we iterate, and then we go again, and we go again. And so, you know, we've got to a point where I think we finally hit the Jupe & Juice type of... We can't say perfection, because, you know, we probably can't hit perfection, but we've hit those levels of Jupe & Juice acceptance. And so we're there on the logo in terms of, like... our content going out. You know, we spoke about this Yeah, the color palette, you know, we're going black, white, green. There's a specific kind of look we're going for, a bit more serious, a little bit darker than what you'd normally see in Jupiter, but still resonating with Jupiter and not going too far away. And then the type of content that we've been putting out, we haven't been spamming the timeline with shorts after shorts after shorts after shorts. We've rained it in a little bit. We're kind of cherry picking what we're putting out there and we're trying to like... give more variety. And I don't know if you guys have seen, we've, we've put out more threads than usual. We've been more like informative. It's been more like news orientated. It's been hot off the press, let's say. And, uh, with our kind of new, new style and new branding. And, uh, I think it's been, uh, we've seen a positive response. Wake, wake, uh, Got a nice couple of threads out just before the weekend. We got a good response during the weekend as well. You know, the Jupe rally and the actual Jupe town hall. So those things really hit quite hard. I think people were interested and wanted to know what happened. Obviously, we're still juice casting. Irish, can you confirm? Is this juice casting right now? Can we get that shot? He shook his head. He shook his head. Yeah, yeah. He's confirmed. He's muted. He's talking, but it's confirmed. Oh, he's working on it. All right. Been loving your answer, too, by the way. Appreciate you. Appreciate you. We had a meeting with, uh, yeah, you kind of segue me onto, we had a meeting with the uplink, uh, uh, social media guy. So we got some feedback from him and like sort of how, what sort of direction we should go in, how we should like, uh, correlate ourselves to tube and what we should be trying to do, what we should be trying to avoid. You know, we've done these things with slog in the past as well. And, And his name's Arjun. He's a really nice guy. And he kind of gave us some good pointers and stuff. So, yeah, man, we just were really refining. Our experimentation is leading us to like finding our footing in the Jupeverse. And then we have ideas, more ideas that we've been cooking up. We've been working with the resident artist himself, you know, that he was on Jupe & Juice last week. Our boy, so... David Montoya. Yeah, David Montoya. David. David came on. Professional cartoon art. He's a pro pro So he's working with us on something That's like a broader idea We have for the future And he's working with us So there will be new stuff coming out regarding that Obviously we're still doing the Spotify stuff We're still doing the YouTube stuff Obviously we're still doing the streams Every Tuesdays and Thursdays Who have we got on Tuesdays? Denmark Super Team and Smoker. It is Germany. Why does it say D-E? It is Germany. I told you. Deutschland, bro. Deutschland, bro. See, Delaware. We have company. Yeah. Yeah we've got Super Team Delaware because it's DE and then we've also got Small Cat the CIC he was supposed to be on another episode but he didn't make it so he's coming second time lucky hopefully if we don't get him this time it's going to be absolute madness on the show but yeah it'll be fun and then on Thursday who's our guys on Thursday? That would be D Bridge. No, no, no, no, no. Yeah. Wow. It's, it's a juice. Alex, Alex from D Bridge. We have, we have D Bridge and Jesse and Fabiano. Ooh, that's a big one. So yeah. So yeah. Banger on third. Alex. Yeah. Alex from D Bridge and Jesse and Fabiano. So, um, yeah, man, uh, anything else I've kind of like touched on a lot there. You guys. So we, we got some feedback for some boys and some girls that we're spamming and we're doing, uh, we need more variety. Do you all hear Wake speak twice? There's two Wakes. There's a Wake stream and there's a Wake. Yeah, there's Wake and Evil Wake. They're talking together. That's perfect. He finally figured out how to clone himself. Irish, Irish, Irish. Try Mew. You boys try Mew and then Wake talk. I see what's up. So wait, you have a stream on right now. You're streaming your voice through your stream and then you're also playing your voice through here. So it's like, it's, Oh yeah. There's a little, there's a little symbol of a monitor. Like your camera's not on it. It's just a stream. The hall. Yeah, he's streaming his stream. Streamception. Yeah, what the heck is going on, guys? Yeah, what is going on? You're tripping, guys. You're tripping Discord out, bro. So he was actually streaming himself rather than actually spamming himself. Yeah, there you go. Now you're on the... Wait, why do you look better? You look better, but the camera settings were different, I feel like, before. Is that just me? On your mic, mate. You're on mute, by the way. You're on mute. Yeah, so we're just trying to add more variety and vibes, bruh. Just more variety, more vibes. Just taking feedback like we did before we were a trial work group, how we got to point A to point B was just... shit, getting feedback, getting roasted and just reiterating. And that's what we're doing now. It's like, it don't stop the journey of, you know, um, yeah. And actually, I don't know if you've seen this new thing that we're trying. Yeah. There's a thing called whip, right? Whip. So there's going to be some whip videos going out. Uh, there's satchels idea to be fair. Like he wanted to do some, um, working in public stuff. So it's like a little bit different to our current stuff. It's a bit more meme-y, you know, there's stills with still shots animated, like laughing and smiling, whatever. Let's share one right now. Really cheesy stuff. We need another animation from you guys. It's in the pipeline, man. It's in the pipeline. Yeah, something animated. These are not small jobs, like animations... are like weeks and weeks and weeks of work for 10, 15, 30 second clip so it's like yeah isn't the DAO worth it? come on it is I mean it is can you fast forward time Slog? tell me Don't ask to slug that in your sleep. That's fact session, yeah. Why do you think you slugged it? Yeah, let's keep going. Do you guys have any other updates for us? Not really, we just stay for the voice. Yeah, we'll keep cooking and we'll keep whipping and we will get some animations out. I liked the iteration you guys did to arrive at this final mid-journey vibe. I know you guys were using the DAO prompt for a while and then you kind of did your own thing with the black and white, but it felt like it was missing a little something. And I think the neon that kind of catches attention is what it was missing. So I really like the pairing. Yeah. where's this in the chat that's as much better than me so like when he takes it away I'm sure you guys are going to be seeing some very cool stuff soon Yeah. I mean, like it's, it's just, um, yeah, it's all part of the vibe that we're trying to go for. Even like in here, right? The green lights and stuff. So it's just a stupid juice, man. When you see it, you know it. And, uh, that, that one was wait, that was a quick one. Wake done. Uh, I think he was, uh, he wasn't too sure about it, but it is, it's what we're going for. Um, And we'll keep doing more of them. And yeah, I'm sure you guys will like them. Hopefully. If you don't tell us, man, tell us if you think it's shit. Tell us because that's the way we get better, right? So yeah. That's a good point. We were supposed to ask for feedback again, but we keep forgetting. Please guys, just give us all the feedbacks. Yeah, and I would love to hear your feedbacks on the whip videos. Yeah, go watch some of the video. Sasha wants to know what's going on with them. I absolutely hate those videos, by the way. Just so everyone knows. You hate them because I make fun of you. You hate them because I make fun of you, my guy. But there's the Juiced Cast link in the chat, everyone. So it would be nice if you could just go in there and retweet and all that stuff. Make awareness that people are in here discussing serious business. But yeah, that's us for now. All right. Continuing around the clock, we arrive at Cass and Rolex. So yeah, tell us how the CatDev working group is going. It's going good, man. Yeah, we had a good week. Main stuff we hit on, a second full week of CAD at PPP hour was a success. So we did the PPP hour again this week and that was awesome. We did three sessions and they all went really well. I think it's been, we've been getting pretty good response on that and the community has been really liking kind of all coming together to react content and to enjoy that together and to kind of push each other forward, so that went really well. we've been adding cadets across the Jupiterverse now. So, um, we're digging really deep into Reddit and Twitter and kind of playing, I wouldn't say playing catch up, but like the groups that have been cooking for months now, we're starting to recognize them as cadets if they're not even in the discord. Right. So it's like, we're, we're looking at Twitter and Reddit, um, and we're bringing in the people from there that have been active, um, and other, other like people who are super, uh, supportive in the space as a, as a kind of way of getting people deeper into the Jupiter Tao. Um, who are already part of Jupyter and part of the community in Reddit and Twitter. Can I ask, how are you guys growing the Reddit so hard again? Because I remember like Weird City stepped down, it was kind of stagnated, but OPEX took over and now it grew like 300 followers in the last week or so. How are you guys growing it again so fast? Yeah, it's been, I think, pretty organic too is the crazy thing. It's OPEX. Yeah, he's great. And then also, I think what you'll notice from the kind of the vibes right now is that it It's just been a lot of really high engagement content that he's been posting on there. I think he's been creating stuff that really resonates with people. He's put a lot of hard work into it and there's a lot of really great conversations that are happening there. It's all been super duper organic and kind of natural. Getting more people on it hasn't even necessarily been the main goal, but I think it's just going really well. OPEX has kept cooking really hard. Um, and actually like, if you look at the vibes of it, it's a lot more like, um, like kind of natural than you might've seen a few months ago. Like it feels less forced and like people are just kind of there hanging out. Um, I know easy has been working really hard to be on there commenting and getting involved, but yeah, I think people are just checking it out more. It's been going really well. Um, and yeah, OPEX has really been cooking on that. Um, And then, yeah, other stuff, we asked everybody to link accounts on caddetstreet.eco and make their profiles. So we have a bunch of caddet profiles out now. Those are awesome. And then the caddet and COC bot is fully in our control now. So the COG is taking care of that, and it's in our care. So we are... kind of able to make a lot more functionality for the cat that role than we could before when it wasn't a cog created bot. So, yeah. Do you all sorry question for you? Do you have any like other plans for the voting system that you guys use for voting? the grants essentially we can use them for whatever it's a basic system so we could use it potentially for the cat debt nomination process that's one of the easiest ways it hasn't been finalized yet because we're just trying to really work out if it's actually the best place to use it but we can if anyone has any suggestions of where to use that voting system it's super portable so you can make any vote for it Like catapulture, stuff like that? Would that make sense, do you think? We've talked about it, yeah. I think we'll probably get more feedback on that soon. I want to see kind of how that goes because it does make it a little bit more formal. I mean, currently the process has been kind of like... someone goes in, they nominate someone, if it gets some, like, kind of organic feedback, like, organic growth, then we'll take a look and kind of use that as a nomination. But you're right, the voting system could streamline that a little bit. Now, I don't necessarily feel like it's, like... I mean, it, you know, before we've done like discord polls before, even for it, just like simple, like, uh, polls in the comments. And those were two. The reason we made this system is because it creates a little bit more privacy and people can vote a little bit more freely. Um, and there's just more we can do with it for like the times that we have more control over it. Um, So maybe we could use that for the CoCs. Yeah, that's something we've talked about a couple times. I think it has a lot of potential, the CatDev site. I know it's just like a voting system and a profile, but I think it has a tremendous amount of potential. I'm really curious to see what you guys do with it. Yeah, I think so too. I think that it's like, if you keep, as we keep stacking things onto it, it becomes more and more useful. And it's starting to get to the point where I'm like, okay, the value add for this is really clear. So it's really about now getting cadets from all over the, all over the place into like one congregated system. So we've been working really hard to just like reach out to people and and invite them to kind of get deeper in with us. So we've been DMing a lot of folks and stuff like that. But yeah, I think you're right. I think there's a lot of potential for it. Have you guys gotten to see the Twitter wall yet? I think it's pretty great. Like the Twitter profile picture thing? Yeah, I'm sure everyone's seen that. That's cool. I like it. That's awesome. Do you all have any plans? I know for the Singapore, you all did some events there. Is that something you all are going to continue to do for the cat symbol? Yeah, it's so soon. But yeah, I think we're almost definitely going to do something. We're all going and not necessarily everybody. But at least a couple of us are going to go for sure. I'll be there 100%. I'll make it work. But I'm almost 100% that we'll do something for it. uh we haven't necessarily 100% figured out when yet because i think we all kind of learned around the same time um so it's it's so fresh but i think i think yeah we'll almost definitely do something for it because it's so much fun we all can hang out in the brunch at in uh at breakpoint was great and i mean yeah it makes a lot of sense for us to help out sweet cool yeah you guys uh any other updates that you guys want to share Right now we have a conversation going with Madam Fudd for a grant proposal talking about potential merch in the future. That's a trial. It's super early, but that's fun. And we've been cooking more and more on grants. A lot of great grant stuff coming up soon. Yeah, it's been really good. It's been a really good week. All right. And last but certainly not least, let's kick it over to OG. OG? What you got for us, guys? Yeah, so going to plan for the, you know, I talked about last week, but the grantee spotlight. Going to stream that on Twitter. The date was supposed to be on Friday around kind of the same time as planetary calls, but that might have to change. I need to get confirmation that Meow is having another Joop rally at that same time. So just a quick clarification, those are the Uplink-specific grantees or any grantee? Correct. Okay. Uplink-specific grantees. It's just something I'm trying out. I think, I mean... I think down the line, we can like I think it'd be cool to bring on like Dr. Prebon or something just because he was, you know, like he was an uplink grantee and now he's transitioning to a Dow grantee. So I think it'd be a cool perspective to hear from him as well. Yeah, I just kind of want to go through. Tell them how good his latest song is. Tell them. Yeah, it's a great collab. I don't want to ruin it. Yeah, that's what we'll say. It's a great collab. Yeah, and you'll recognize the person. Yeah. Oh, baby. He has actually mentioned in Discord. Oh, has he? So feel free to go treasure hunting for that. Yeah, you can go find him. Oh, I think I know who it is. Sheesh. If it is that person, that's crazy. That's wild if he's managed to do that already. I'll rate it. Yeah, that'll be fun. Just kind of want to like hear people's stories and kind of go through like their their process with with uplink in the grants and kind of spotlight them a little bit more, because I feel like we haven't done, I guess, the best job and just like showcasing who all is working under our umbrella. So that's something we really want to kind of spotlight there. So, yeah, just stay tuned for that. Probably do an announcement. We'll have people on like Ashen, NFT Muse. I think Moe is going to join. Will is going to be co-hosting with me. Shout out to Will. Round of applause for Will. He's been freaking killing the Uplink Twitter game. Not him specifically, but we did get a little strike there, but we're back and we're live. So that was fun. Why did that happen? I think we were logged in on too many different accounts, essentially. Either that or maybe talking about burning cats was a little too much. We don't know specifically. But we're back. Don't burn cats, man. That's mean. What are you talking about? It's literally called burning cat. Is my guy thinking about hurting animals? No, no, no. Burning cats? Good, Satchel. You're with me. You made an interaction. Shout out, Will. I think he's in the audience right now, too. Yeah, he is. Yeah. Go ahead. Yeah. Clouds is doing a workshop on Thursday. He's going to be leading that. More content-based. And then bounty updates. The five Soul and a Dream payments were sent out. Sent out like I think Jupe was like $115 at the time we sent it out and that was $5,000 Jupe we sent out. So pretty big bag for the winner there. Then Jupe Rally videos, I think I'm going to try and announce those today and payments it out shortly after. And then the product demo bounty finished on last Friday. So we're going to try and get that graded here soon. And plan is for Wednesday to announce and send those out. So that's updates there. Instagram, I'm meeting with the manager for that. So tomorrow we're all good there. So that should be kind of releasing, I think, maybe end of the week, shortly, maybe beginning of next week. Not 100 percent sure, but I'm going to plan that that debut. And then the drip stuff, I'm going to host a Spaces with the drip team tomorrow at noon Eastern. So stay tuned for that. I think we sent like 20 jupe and some soul, I think. Not 100% sure on the... the details there but like the top 500 thankers or something like that um all got a piece of basically so if you're if you're not familiar with how jupe works like you get thanks for all the drops that you do and then those things can be converted into uh money essentially so we distributed all the thanks we got to the top whatever uh hundred thankers or whatever so um That was cool to see. The drip has been very well received. I think there's like 30,000 followers already and it's like second or third week that it's been released, which, you know, I don't, I personally don't use drip that much, but it was, it was cool to see how much, like how well it was received. So, yeah. And then that's, that's pretty much it on our side. All right. Any questions? I think we're good. Yeah, I guess we'll go into our updates now and then we'll open it at the end to the audience questions. So if you guys have questions about anything that's going on, anything you heard, you'd be worried, whatever. I will let you up and you can ask. But yeah, first things first, let's go through our updates. First things should be fairly obvious that the Discord has been majorly rearranged. We noticed that it was really impeding the flow with so many channels that people weren't regularly using, like all the different workgroup channels. There's four different ones. People could see the moderation category, which is much bigger for the people with the purple role, but for Discord, the average user you only see the spam spam channel so we move that down to the general chat we move the general chat way up and we did about like five or six other things just to make it more streamlined and I think it worked because I do notice like a massive uptick in regular activity but that could also be just the jupiori news so who knows but yeah we'll we'll take we'll take credit for that The other thing, the biggest thing I think we want to go over now is what we put out last week, which was the second quarterly report. So I'm going to link it there if you guys want to read it. I'm just going to give the highlights because it is pretty lengthy. But yeah, in the beginning when we did the budget vote, one thing we committed to was releasing a quarterly report every three months, just sort of summarizing, okay, where's the vision at? What did we do and what do we want to do next? And I'll just touch on these things briefly one by one and any of the other members of the CWG can jump in if they want to comment. But yeah. The first thing we outline here is the vision. And the original vision for the DAO, if you guys remember, was stated to be, and this is a quote, to expand the Jupyverse and Solana as a whole via funding workgroups and distributing grants. LFG was also in there, but for reasons as you know, there will be a LFG V2, but that's going to come in February, I believe. That was the original stated intention of the DAO. I think over time that is sort of maintained the same direction, but it evolved a bit. And that evolution included the empowerment of active cat debts to align themselves with this original goal. And I think those are things we've done through funding work groups, setting up the grant system. The call group does a substantial amount recognizing cat debts. So does Jupe and Juice. So does the Planetary Call. So does Uplink. So I think every work group in effect touches on these things. But I believe, yeah, that's really the core mission of the DAO. And this time around, we got even more granular with that. And what I mean by that is that I would take it a step further and say that the purpose of the DAO has now become... to become a positive feedback loop to create the abundant circumstances where lifting others up lifts up the entire whole. So when you help others, that gift of helping another helps everyone is basically what I'm saying. And that's sort of what I distilled to be the core mission of the DAO at this point. Touching on some of the things we've accomplished in the last three months in the original quarterly report, we outlined five goals of which we we've achieved for them. So I'll go through the four successes and then the one that was not a success. The first of which was establishing the grants program. So as you know, at the time. The work process was very chaotic. There was no form to it. It was kind of just like a raise your hand sort of deal. We ran a couple trials like that. Two of them are no longer with us. And we decided, yeah, we need to get a bit more granular here. We need to increase the interface for people's ability to actually take part of the DAO. And that led to the grant system, which we asked for an allocation of $150,000 for. To date, we've given three grants. I think there's about two to three more that are on the precipice of receiving one. It's been going well. If you haven't noticed, Juicing Fabiano are absolutely killing it. If you've joined their thread chat or any of their calls, Preballin is doing amazingly. He's released some cool music content and he's going to do five additional songs. And of course, you can't forget DeFi Jupe Jam. Really, they're shining stars of the community. They rose up, became cats of culture, and they're doing their thing now with the team. So the grants that have been distributed so far, I think, are doing amazingly. And we do have a couple more on the horizon. We're working with the COG group to get those set up, CAS in particular. The second thing that we've achieved was continued expansion of the DAO account. And it sounds a little trivial. You're like, oh, it's a Twitter account. But it really is an important way to highlight active community voices because it is such a large account, especially relative to the size of accounts of most people here. So if you have like a small account, say you have like 200 to 500 followers and you get a retweet from the DAO account, like that's going to expose you to 10 to 20 times more people than you would otherwise expect. And it really does help. And not just in regards to elevating community voices, but also spreading information. I think it's done a fantastic job in helping to get information around the votes out. And that's reflected. And I wouldn't take single-handed credit for this, but it has contributed to increasing the voter turnout, I believe, substantially. Yeah, what was... What was the last voter turnout? Wasn't it something crazy? It was all-time high the last three. So yeah, it was well over 300 million, I believe. But yeah, the last three has broken the record. The third thing that we... And again, I wouldn't take single-handed credit for it. I think it's all of us, to be fair. But I do think the Dow count has played a role in that. The third thing is the further decentralization of the strict list. So... Three months ago, it was managed by a small group of cadets. I think there was only like two or three. It was May and myself. Since then, the group has evolved to 14 members, the Cadet Council, who play a substantial role in not just managing it, but also refining it in the response to feedback. It is not an easy job. It is... rather rough actually because you have people coming in all the time saying i demand my token get on the list and if you ask moran about this i'm sure he can go off for hours about it but they're doing such an excellent job given the circumstances because the problem of verification as you know with the recent binance debacle is that it's one of the trickiest things to solve and i think to date jupiter has one of the most solid and fairest approaches um and it's it's It's a huge part of that is due to the cat debt council. So I'm really grateful that they, they stepped up and have been helping with this. The fourth thing that we vowed to do is to hire new members. Um, We've hired Morten, of course, as you know. We've also hired an advisor. His name is Sean Green, and he is the former creative director of Twitch. And he is Kimo and mine's mentor, and he's very intelligent, and he knows so much about community dynamics. In fact, this week, during our scheduled meeting with him, we're putting him in touch with the COG group just to get him acquainted with them and give them any advice around community dynamics. So he's proven to be very useful. And also we're trialing AG. If you guys like the newsletters, that's been entirely AG for the most part. Uplink was the one who discovered his talent, so have to give credit there. But yeah, AG has been doing a great job. He also helps with the token lists. So those are the four things that we've major things that we've accomplished in the last three months. The one thing that we didn't achieve successfully was LFGV1. It was it was sunset in the end. And I think the main reason for that was that one of the theses behind it was flawed. in the sense that the Jupiter community didn't really translate over to the communities of any of these projects. And that's not to blame the Jupiter community, it's to blame the thesis behind it because it just didn't pan out. And sometimes with experiments that happens. So it is what it is. There's going to be LGV2 most likely in February. And to be honest, I don't know what it's going to look like, but I'm sure it's going to be quite different from the first one. And I don't want to take up too much of your guys' time because there's so much information here. There's other things we did was the instantiation of the weekly PlanetSide chats, which are the spaces on Twitter. Jubico, we finally finished Jubico. We took over the scope from the web working group and we supercharged it. It has the brand kit. It has all of Uplink's videos in a more sortable way. newsletters, AG took over the newsletters he does them on a weekly basis and on a monthly basis and just so many things so I would implore you guys to go read it I don't want to just continuously yap here probably one of the more useful things if you're onboarding somebody new to Joop it has all of the Joop acronyms like PPP, ASR etc and you can copy and paste the definitions there into general chat or whatever else you might need to so yeah you don't have to type it out every time The final thing I'll touch on here really quickly is our plan for the next three months. Four items. We're going to do certainly more than these four things, but I think these are sort of the four core buckets that we want to pursue. The first of which is continuing to further the grant system. It just got started. Realistically, I think there's so much more work to do on every level of it. Like, how do we get more people to a trial? How do we facilitate more grants? How do we get more people working in the DAO? These are all questions I think that we need to answer over time. We are doing a good job so far, but of course, there's always more we can do. The second thing is continued expansion of the DAO account. Again, I think it's very significant in helping to communicate, helping to highlight, helping to amplify the community. As it has grown, so too has our ability to raise up the voices of contributing members of the community. One of the biggest perks of receiving a grant is that we help amplify your content and we help direct feedback. followers to your Twitter and attention to your Twitter. That's not something that's very easily done if you start from zero with no help. So that is a huge boon to these to these grant recipients. Of course, there's people like Juicy Fabiano probably don't need it too much. But if you're starting from a lower amount, like it helps so much. The third thing that we're going to pursue in the next three months is continuing to propagate the Mid-Journey Guide and the DAO branding. I think one thing that has me really excited is that I see so many people actually using the Mid-Journey Guide. I think it has the highest traffic of anything on Jupyco. And I would even guess it has more traffic than Jupiter Space Station. Just because I think people find it informative and they just have so much fun doing it. But in the meantime, they're also helping to further the Jupiter brand because they use it to make content. And I could go on for 30 minutes about my rant of how useful I think Midjourney is and how much of a game changer I think it is. And it turns everyone into a pro designer if they know how to use a few words. But I think the results speak for themselves. I'm sure you guys have seen some of the prompts, whether in the DAO content or in community content. I see a few people in the audience who I know regularly use it. So I think getting more and more people on board, I think that's just like, that's an untapped reservoir of talent that I don't see many communities do is teach their community how to mid journey and then align them with sort of like, like a similar, like, like palettes or a similar theme and I think Jupiter is one of the first communities I've ever seen do that and if we continue to expand that I can only see good things for the DAO so that's why I would put that there And then fourth and finally, I think one thing we want to step up a bit more is increasing our messaging efforts. So we want to expand into more campaigns around crucial topics and ideas like PPP and the Jupiverse and the gum narrative. I know Kimo in particular wants to go into video content himself. But to date, we've mostly focused on internal DAO topics like voting and work groups and such, which are nice and I think are very important early on. But over time, I think we definitely need to expand to these higher level cognitive topics. So yeah, I would implore you guys once again, go ahead and read the quarterly report. There's much more information that I didn't convey. And yeah, I look forward to releasing the next one in three months from now. So any other CWG members, did you have any comments on that or should we just go to audience questions? No, I think just that it's going to become more and more important to the CWG focus on narrative to keep things cohesive as we grow. Because once you sort of establish that strong initial base as we have this year, as the DAO has this year, to scale beyond that, you need like a shared story and shit. So I think that's going to be like the next most important thing over the years. next year or so. So, yeah. Yeah, nothing to add from my end, but I look forward to Kimo's videos. Have you all heard anything on who's going to kind of take hold of the like the $2,000 for Cast Symbol? Is that a DAO thing or is that going to be a team thing? Yeah, we don't have information on that yet. I believe a form is going to be released shortly. that information comes from AG I believe that also came from the stream or the town hall so yeah AG if you can verify if you're in the audience if you can verify that let me know but yeah I believe the forum should come soon Meow said this week but you know how things are this week or next week this week or next week yeah such a cool thing Do we look remember last time about when we discussed about making something special for Japueri now we have more reason to do so when are we going to use can combine our skill sets and to do something special for this year? When? When? Yeah draft something up draft a paper up and send it around and that's how that's probably the best way to kick start it I would say. Yeah. i'll design something discuss it with the boys then we'll share it to cwj and stuff okay Yeah, I guess for the last 15 minutes, of course, we'll go over if there's more questions, but I think ending at the hour is usually good. But yeah, guys, if you have any questions in the audience, please raise your hand to come up now, whatever it's about, whether it's about work groups, grants, GPWary. Just know that our knowledge of certain things is probably limited, but we'll do our best to answer. Okay, I'm letting a few people up. all right i'd like a raven crypto soldier and a data mullah up so guys uh whoever wants to speak first just go ahead um okay so last week i asked about um some community stuff and i've been working on the finance white paper but i realized that for my idea to kind of like work I need to speak with the product development team because I have some questions about the Jupyter lock feature that's in beta right now and also the limit order feature and the DCA feature. So, like, who do I talk to? So I would say the person to probably talk to is YY. But I would also say that this week and probably next week aren't great for the team. I know they're, like, swamped. Even we have a hard time getting through to them lately because they're doing so much for GP wearing some product stuff. But to answer your question succinctly, I would tag or try to flag down YY. But I would also... Can you just drop their ad in the chat? Even we have a hard time getting through to them lately. Okay. All right. So that's the person. Thank you. Yeah, no problem. All right. GM everyone. Yeah, perfectly. All right. Yeah. Great feedback from everybody. because I know what they've been doing. So I wanted to give like a progress report of what I've been working on, which is CWG's brand guideline and also show what else I've been doing in that regard. So I would like to share my screen. I won't take much of your time. Are you seeing my screen? I think some people can. I cannot because I think you're streaming too high quality for my shitty laptop. Okay, wait, now I can. Now I can. All right. So I'll just make my phone on D&D for us. Okay. All right. So this is a brand guideline. It's a kit for people to use so that there's going to be like... uniformity across when they're using anything related to CWG. So there's a table of content that introduces CWG, the logo, the color, typography, patterns, and social media flyers. I'm still working on the social media flyers. Myself and Opaqs will work on that over the course of the week. So introduction, that's where we are, the logo. Okay, are you able to post this for people? Because it's not loading for some people, but they could follow along. Okay. Let me share. I don't know if Kimo can help. I think when he shared it last time, it worked for everyone. Kimo, do you want to help her out with this? Yeah, let me switch my laptop real quick. One second. All right, guys, just give us a moment. But yeah, she's been helping with a lot lately. She's helping with the CAWG branding. She did the Jupeco revamp. that Kimo's now applying to the site. I believe she also helped Jupe and Juice. She helped you guys, right? Can you DM me the link real quick? Yeah, I'll do that now. Can you guys hear me? Welcome back, Kimo. Okay, yeah. I just sent it to you. Okay, sweet. Got it. Screen share. Why can't I? Guys, I don't think I have perms to screen share. Wow. What do you mean? I don't know. I don't know. It's grayed out for me. Look, I might be rugging. I can't share my screens. Let me try and leave and rejoin. Yeah, try to leave and rejoin. Yeah, me too. I don't have that feature too. I don't know why. Oh, that's weird. It's grayed out too. Yeah, I can't screen share. You have a purple name. You have a purple name. I know. Maybe if I give myself a moderator role. I don't know. I can't. Okay. Perms, sir. I have them on perm. I don't know. I can't screen share. Yeah, I can't either, actually. Sack. We'll have to hit up John, the Discord admin, and see what's going on. But you can. I don't know, dude. She has more perms than you. She has more perms than us! Is there a limit on the amount of people streaming? I'm going to turn off my camera and try. We're going to have Timo. No, it's still grayed out for me. I mean, I can share. What do you want to do? Share screen? I can share screen. I'm going to leave stage and try. Share the link or share the drive PDF. We're struggling. Share the link. I'm looking for the link in the chat. Here. Okay. I'm opening the link. PDF. PDF. cpdf says dupe cat deck guidelines cawg brand guidelines yeah which one cawg brand guidelines okay i'll get in there and then start sharing screen let me know when you guys can see it yep you're good you see it now okay you talk through it and i'll just do what you like So I've gone through this before, table of content. You can go to the next screen. Introduction. What's going on? Logo. Logo part. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah. Yeah, so feedback from Kimo was that this, the current logo that EWG uses does not really have that fluidity. So I just worked on the background, the gradient. And please, can you continue? Yeah, secondary logo, continue. Then the symbol. So there's another thing I did, which is to place logo on solid background like this, because there may be cases whereby they want to put a logo on something that has a gradient feel already and you don't want to complicate issues with colors. So that's why I just put that on the plain background. You will see the logo variations just after the symbol. ah you have the um the gradients navy blue the orange and the lights blue please go ahead continue i love the design of the deck sick thank you thank you so the primary color with the x code secondary colors uh the lights blue and the navy blue yeah the gradients also put that one um continue please Typography. So from my understanding, because I had a conversation with Opaqs before working on this, so they wanted something different for the typography. So I just used poppins for the heading because it looks cool. It's legible as well for the heading. Then for the body, I used something stylish, general sense for that one. You can see the A, you can see the E. And it combines well with poppins. I go to the next slide. And patterns, this is not fully thought out yet. Everything I'm showing now is like the first draft I worked on. I just thought to share so that I can get feedback on this one. That pattern is awesome. Yeah, I love that. It looks so good. Thank you. Please go ahead. then she showed me that i have not done this templates so please can you go to the second um pdf so i can show what um what i did so i looked through these sites that is that currently exists that's what it cut it and i saw that the the flyers that that they currently are not so um so it does not really correspond with the branding that they're going with which is orange and blue so i wanted to try something different with the guidelines please can you scroll up This is number one. I just redesigned what is currently on the site. So in case I want to implement it, in case I want to add it to what they have, guideline, can you scroll up? Then for ethos, you have the lines around it. You can zoom out so they can see the noise, quieted noise. Then the background, I picked the background from the current Figma file, the one that Kimo uses, the one that is publicly available. So I don't know if you can see the noise on the blue frame. Sorry, on the orange frame. You mean this, the noise? Yeah, yeah, we can see the pixels. Yeah, yeah. We love noise. Noise is good for everything. Make noise. Yeah. Guidelines. So yeah. That's everything. I was asking Opaqs about this earlier because I saw this earlier with him. This is amazing. Do you think we could potentially use the cog mid-journey to update some of the imagery on it? Yeah. just like to bring it yeah yeah those images yeah I used mid journey for all the images there yeah so what they're saying is they have like a style of image that they use and they would like to update it with their own images like their own style these are more generic that's fine I think it would look better I love the Poppins font too it looks really good thank you Is there a reason why this A is little? C-A-W-G. Yeah, that's actually something we're doing. So the thing about cat debt is a single word. So it makes a little more sense for it to be like capital C, little A, and then uppercase W-G because of the way the word is. logically yes visually no no yeah logically yes visually no you know just like with jup it makes sense to put a period at the end of that if you're putting periods in there but you take away that period and it looks more visually balanced it looks better okay gotcha yeah yeah it's just intense as far as that it looks like a spongebob when he's talking it's Thank you. Thank you. There we go. So that's all. Yeah, thank you all for your feedback. I appreciate it. Yeah, great work. I think my only piece of feedback on all that, and this isn't you, Edemola, is that the orange to blue gradient is really hard to do without getting mud. I would suggest maybe trying to throw a third color in there if you really want that gradient, or alternatively rotating the hues a little bit just because you're going right through the center of the color wheel. And that'll give you a muddy, a little muddy gradient in the middle where it's not quite two things. I don't know. I rarely try to avoid orange to blue just because of that. It's a difficult thing to do. But if you rotate them differently around the color wheel, then they can become a little less muddy. Yeah. All right. So much for that feedback. I'm going to play around with it and see what comes out of that. Thank you. Okay, yeah, just want to reiterate to the audience, if anyone wants to come up and ask any questions, please raise your hand and we will let you up. I just want to kick it over to Crypto Soldier for a minute, because I know he's been sitting up here for a little bit. But yeah, Crypto Soldier, what you got for us? What's up, Soldier? You got something for us, man? Okay. Yeah, I think he's having some technical difficulties, so in the meantime, I'm going to let some other people up. Okay. I am back. My apologies. I am on my app. I'm not sure what caused that. I think when I went on video, it disconnects from the app. Anyhow, I wanted to see, I know recently as far as the voting goes, there was like a notification system added where... Yeah, where you could enter your email. And I know there's like mixed feelings about like privacy or just make a private email or whatnot. I was wondering if it would be possible to have some sort of like pushed message to the Solana wallet. I know like very few websites usually like a sold casino. Whenever you go, they have you sign a message. And I don't know if that would be a better way of an alert, but just something I thought to share. I know there was there was talks of doing an alert system through Jupiter Mobile. Is that sort of like what you're talking about or something else? No, I was talking like a like an actual transaction thing. sent to the Solana wallet, I guess there would be a gas fee incurred. I'm not sure how much that would scale, but if there's a demand for alternative ways to alert people because there are privacy concerns, I think there's certainly ways to do that, and that's something we can ideate on. Okay, I would appreciate that much. I'm not a fan of the email. Those mobile apps sounds good. I am waiting for the next Solana phone. So that will be neat. And then I wanted to ask about... How many different crypto tokens there are? I mean, not crypto tokens, but Jupiter-specific tokens. I know the, well, I think the JUP token, that one is like, was the launch of the website. And that's also the governance token. Is that correct? Yes. The JLP, that's one of my favorites. I think that's what powers the Perpetuals, basically. Is that Goop Soul? If you go to Station, I'm linking a bunch of resources, but if you go to Station, there's a lot of resources there on various things. This is a team-maintained site. The team maintains this. I do believe they want to open source it eventually to allow anyone to contribute, but yeah, there's a lot of information on things there. I linked you to the JLP article. I linked you to the Jupesoul article. Irish, would you consider Xero a Jupiter token as well, technically, or nah? No. Yeah, so Mach Joop as well. When? When I don't believe is a Jupiter token. I believe it was launched by a different team. Okay. Mach Joop. Okay, and I just want to say I think that Jupiter is fantastic. It's actually what made me feel comfortable with pretty much any investing in crypto aside from just standard hodling and maybe two or three trades a month with just a big Bitcoin or Ethereum. Really got me into like limit trades. And I think the value average is fantastic. Always performs better than the dollar cost average for me. But yeah, I just right now, I feel that there's a lot of media out And so sometimes I'm a little overwhelmed and I'm not sure if there's like a central place where I can search whatever question that I'm having, whether it be like related to the perpetuals and how something works or maybe like finding a job where I can contribute to Jupiter. I think the best answer there, there's a couple of different things. One, if you use Perplexity, which is an AI search engine, and you ask your question there, it'll do a really good job of answering that. And then on Jupyter, there's like DAO opportunities as well as all the acronyms and then an aggregation of all the videos and stuff. Text posts, you can search through those as well. So if you're looking for more narrative oriented stuff, because a good place to go, otherwise, docs, there's like a kind of docs, the space station has a lot of docs on there. I don't know how searchable that is, but Perplexity should be able to find that information for you. And if Liam has an AI bot as well, that incorporates the Jupyter knowledge base. But yeah, these are important things to consider just because you are right, the content strategy is becoming more decentralized and less centralized over time. So like, how does someone adequately find all of this information at this point? There are some ways, but maybe there could be better ways, more streamlined ways. So yeah, that's a good point. I'm going to write this down. I actually, I missed a couple of votes just when I first discovered Joop and really got into it. You know, I was like obsessed reading every document that came out and every comment. But eventually, like, life just had some extra, some other things going on. Couldn't devote as much time as I wanted. And so sadly, I missed two votes. But that was before the alert system was put in. And, yeah, just would be, yeah, very helpful to try and streamline where I could find the answers. So perplexity is, that's like a type of AI that would help me kind of phrase my searching. And the other resource. Yeah, I'll link it here. The other resources, Juby, I'll send them both in the chat. Okay, thank you. What about AG, do you have your monthly newsletter on hand? Can you post that in the chat really quick? Yeah, AG, he summarizes everything week by week and month by month. It's posted from the DAO account and it's also announced in the work group announcements. Those are really helpful to just touch base for five minutes and see everything that's going on at once. Does Jupyter have a validator? And that first staking. Yeah, man. That's what Jupy represents, right? Yeah, it's like the second highest or highest APY LST. Probably the best LST, yeah. Yeah, what's the other one? It's like 10% APY, a little bit above actually as of yesterday. And then Jupiter Validator, they don't take any fees on it whatsoever. That all goes back. Kind of the token. The validator exists so that Jupyter transactions land effectively, not because the team needs to bring in revenue from staking Solana. So that goes back to the users. I guess you could consider that Jupyter's third token, I suppose, JupSol. Okay, and yeah, it would be nice to maybe see some more reference to that on the main like Joop AG site. Because I usually, I'm familiar with all nodes just because I virtual host with them before. But that's a way better API than all nodes. That's fantastic. Yeah, and then you can take, like, I mean, if you want to play around in DeFi with a JupySol, you can use Multiply on Camino, for example. You get a little bit more API thanks to that. Then, obviously, you expose yourself. Yeah, but obviously, you expose yourself to a little bit more like DeFi, smart contract risk, and so on. But I would say, like, JupySol is definitely, I mean, it's my favorite in this team. It's very useful in DeFi as well. Yeah, definitely. Yeah. I mean, the Jupesol LST is also like... Since the Jupyter validator helps landing transactions and so on, and Jupyter is an integral part of Solana. So I would say staking to Jupyter or directly to the validators really helping the swap experience across the board for Solana, making Solana a better place. So it's like extra value to the swap. It's not only the APY. It's more about you actually doing good for Solana too with your stake. That is very true. And I do appreciate you reminding me of that because that really is very important. After this meeting, I will be transferring my stake over to the Jupesol. Let's go. Okay, and then I have one last question. And forgive me, it's probably something I should use the search engine for. I was wondering, who would I talk to related to maybe advertising? I don't know if you have merchandise or something. I have an older car, like a 2006 Honda Accord, and I was thinking of doing some sort of car wrap or something for it. And I don't know if there's any place for that in Jupyter. Yeah, I'm not sure really how to present that, if that's something that I might be able to find financial assistance for and especially design assistance. Yeah. Yeah, maybe, so there's, do you know of the Joop Research Forum? If not, I can link you to that. Please link me or tell me the link. I've probably been there before. Yeah, I posted the link. So yeah, I would make an account on that and I would make a post detailing all this stuff and what you need to pull it off. And then I would try to come to another office hours and present it or flag down Juke & Juice and talk to them or talk to BCAWG, one of the work groups, and just try to talk to them about it. Okay, sounds good. Do I, I'm pretty clueless about what needs to be done either. So I may just kind of show up there and kind of just like ask if anyone has any resources. Yeah. Okay, awesome. I think that's all the questions that I have right now. Oh, when you were going through questions like priority of who asked questions in what orders, the word members was mentioned. Is that members of the working group or members of the DAO? Do you mean in regards to who to present your car wrap idea to? No, I was just when the meeting finished and we went to questions from the audience, prioritize the questions from the audience were prioritized. It's just an order of hand, I think. I don't think there's like a strict... Yeah, sort of. Then we have the cadet role, you know, the cadets. And they're like, you know, part of the core community, kind of. So obviously, all of us here on stage are super fond of the cat debts. Like they do a lot of very important work for you, but they're through the community. And I would advise you to, you know, exploring that and perhaps becoming a cat debt. It's not about prioritization. It's more about community participation. Yes, yes. I believe I misspoke and I believe I need to do some more rereading. Last time I was trying to contribute was before a lot of the working groups were formed. So now that I have a little more free time, I think I'll do some reading and you'll probably see me making some forum posts soon. That's awesome, bro. Look forward to it. Yeah, sweet. And hit us up as well. Yeah, hey, all of us up if you have any questions or want to get involved or do you have any news that they can... Yeah, I was going to say, we'll get you on, bruh. And you can share your visions and your story and everything like that. Fantastic. Thank you for making DeFi and crypto easy to use and like pretty much everything done for the people and like in the user's best interest. There's like, you know, like all the profit, everything seems to be in the users and new users best interest. So that's not really us. We're just we're just a DAO. But that's not the GPO team. I mean, we help with this, like, robust community to team pipelines established because of us. Don't undersell yourself, Wake. We can't take credit for that, but we appreciate you, bro. We loved you. I've seen a lot of other DAOs, and a lot of them seem plagued. And when I came to crypto and DeFi, this is kind of what I imagined coming. a proper DAO would operate, like from voting on everything from what positions are needed to what tasks need to be done to how much compensation or how much actual resources are needed for that. And it's nice to see people agree or at least if there is a disagreement, they still abide by the vote. And so... Hopefully more projects will use Jupyter as an example in the future. That's actually such a huge W. You said, Jupyter DAO is how I imagined DAOs to be, bruh. That's so huge, man. Thank you. That's sick. Appreciate it. Thank you for answering all my questions, guys. You guys have a great day or afternoon or evening, wherever you are. Yeah, you too. Man, that's so sick. I have a quick question. Let me solicit one last time from the audience, then we'll go to you. But yeah, guys, if you have any other questions, please raise your hand now, because I think we're going to start winding things down after Molo goes. So yeah, Molo, take it away. Sweet. So similar to like Jito Soul and Soul Liquidity Pool and Kamino, is Jupe Soul thinking about doing that? Like Jupe Fill Soul with like a Jupe reward incentive on Kamino? Yeah, I don't really have knowledge of that. I would ask like Soju. It's Soju's baby. He's very obsessed with it. So if you can flag him down, I would ask him. Okay. Sweet. Yeah, I communicate with them through there. I just didn't know if it was handled or what went up to the big boys, you know? Soju is the big boy. Yeah. Is there FUD happening in general chat right now? Yeah, it's been pretty spicy the last few days. yeah me i was doing hot takes uh about about jupuary and so uh he's just answering that means not hot takes he's just he's just being very blunt all right thank you guys thanks okay okay i don't think there's any more hands raised so we will oh wtp uh deal with you man Alright, so VTP, let's end on you, so take it away. Oh, no pressure. Yeah, I was asking earlier about the jupuary kind of vortex that's happening in general, right? I mean, obviously the core working group and all the working groups are working on other important things. So how do we kind of make sure as a community all the working groups kind of don't get sucked into that jupuary vortex? I think it's unavoidable just because of the magnitude of what it involves. Like if you think of it on a literal basis, like there's like a billion dollars, literally like a billion dollars involved. So like, I don't think that it can be downplayed or muted or reduced. I think everyone's going to have like a rather severe opinion involved and I don't think there's a way around it really. I would just add too that things are subject to change so even if you see something don't believe any of it and I think there's ways where we as work groups can soften the narrative that's going on OG made a point the other day like if you see misinformation correct it uh same goes for fud like if you see people fudding like don't escalate it by saying you know uh you know it's a gift it's it's like don't expect anything like obviously that's and that's the messaging that's been put out but that's not going to put fires out in general chat in my opinion we should be like trying to educate rather than like escalate at least for discord i think too like Feel free to tag Cav Cultures or Cadets if things are getting out of hand in general chat and we can kind of assemble and add some potentially structured... Make sure you tag OG specifically. Only OG ever. Oh yeah, the POAP. OG's got the POAP today. Yeah, OG's got that POAP today. Make sure you DM OG for the POAP today, the office hours. I've got, I think this one is for Jupiter as well, isn't it? This office hours. Yeah, it's pretty important. I already got mine as well. It's important, folks. Get that POAP. Oh, mine was just coming through. Sick, sick, sick, sick. But I'll keep it exclusive so you guys can see it when you get it. What's going on? I also want it. DM OG for the POAP, man. Okay, okay. Great note. No harassing, OG. Come on. You guys, come on. Come on, guys. You give out, you receive, all right? You get what you give, right? I'm sending them all to wake. Yeah, I've been receiving DMs for months about POAPs because OG tells people to DM me about POAPs. So let's all relax. That's harassment, OG. We're going to need the HR workgroup one. WTP wanted to kick it back over. Did you have any follow-up questions? Anything about GP where you're at? Yeah, no, I think you're absolutely right, Sergey. I just, I don't want us as a community, as a DAO, right? My main fear is that things kind of just get put on hold for two months. You know, in my mind, metaphorically, I see this huge tornado of jupiter and hopefully like, you know, we can kind of pull people out of that and like get them, to learn more about everything else that Jupiter offers, right? You know, like kind of pulling cows out of that flying tornado and getting them to land safely into something that, you know, into a nice green pasture, right? Yeah, I guess I would deputize you here and say, like, if you see that happening, let us know. Deputize. And now all rests on your shoulders, WTP. You're single-handedly responsible for the cow. Yeah. Just let us know if you see that playing out. WDeputyP. That's what we call you. Thank you. Okay guys, I think now is probably a proper place to wind down. Really quick, one thing I want to announce is that I was gauging interest the other day and potentially doing more mid-journey sessions, more pointed ones, and there seemed to be a rather high demand for that, so I think that's something that we might do either during some of the office hours or maybe on a different day. We'll figure it out to be TBD. But yeah, I know a lot of people are into the mid-journey stuff, but... Don't really have anything else. I think we'll wind down now. I would expect the energy in the Discord is going to amp up drastically over the next week or two, so I would definitely anticipate that. It's nothing we haven't seen before. I think it'll go fine. I think Jupyuri is going to go fine and we'll find the solution together. Until next time, guys. Peace. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.