So I was like, okay, I need something. I need something. So maybe I should switch it up. I think it's time. Christmas Slug is so... It's Christmas Sluggy? Who is this Christmas Slug? Oh my, I didn't even recognize you Slug. That's crazy. I mean, first of all, the name is right there in the bottom left corner, but also like the layout is pretty similar. The original PFP, so... It is. Not sure what to think, though. Feels strange. You haven't changed your PFP in so long, bro. I change it every December, usually, at least for like a week or two. Who made this version? The same guy who made the original version, the slow artist. But is that your slug though or is that just like a imposter slug? No, it's the same. It's the same. It is the same slug. The background changes. Green, more festive and all that. The hat and the... What's that in the mouth? What's that? It's a candy cane, dog. Have you ever seen... Do you Brits have that? Do you know what a candy cane is? It's like a very mid type of candy that no one really likes. We have that. Yeah, it's just for the decoration, really. Yeah. How can I tell one Solana slug from another Solana slug? Is it a color thing, I guess? You're just being a little... I mean... They look really different, bro. That's true. OG, are you coming up, by the way? I see you in the audience. Yeah, they're okay, OG. They're okay. If you like mint, they're okay. Some people don't like that mint candy flavor. All right. But yeah... Big week ahead of us with the second Jupyware vote coming up. I believe it's dropping tomorrow. I believe it's dropping tomorrow. That's as far as I know. But yeah, also crazy weekend we just had. Yeah. Oh. OG, come up. I think we'll just dive right into the workgroup updates, and then we'll go into the audience questions. I don't think we have anything super critical planned for this one, but we'll just go through the usual. So yeah, let's go around the clock. Oh, you have no update? Oh yeah, that's right. You were on vacation for like a week. That's right. That's right. What's up, OG? What's up? OG, you can't go on vacation anymore because crazy stuff happens when you leave. Yeah. I hope you know that. Yeah, he did. No, I'm saying you caused this directly. It's OG's fault. We're holding you responsible now. That's fine. I can talk to my lawyer or something. All the crazy shit happening in a day. Is the news video ready, by the way, Satch? He's doing it. All right. Sorry. Yeah, let's do the workgroup updates. We'll first head over to Rolex and Cas with the cadet workgroup. What updates you got for us, guys? Yo, JM, JM. Go ahead, Cas. JM. Cool. What's up, guys? Sorry, I had a bit of oatmeal in my mouth. Let us just be honest. We had a good week, man. We had a good week. It's actually a good two weeks. I know we didn't have a full update last week. So it's been like this for a minute, but I want to officially announce here that we have over 11K followers on X. So that's pretty fun. A lot of followers. We helped out with Cat Samble applications the last couple weeks, so we have over, I think, 100 approved at this point. Got the first round out of those out, and then some more on the way through. So, yeah, helped out with the CWG a lot with the coming chats and getting ready for Jubuary Vote 1, and then now Jubuary Vote 2 is coming up soon. And so something I took initiative on is... with push from slorgie is uh to kind of comb through the chats and do some ai bot stuff and uh kind of get a feel for a lot of the the feedback and stuff we've received um especially going into the first vote uh we're doing an initiative right now for community inspired cat stand bull merch um we've got a bunch of submissions already it's already been it's only been a few hours so definitely go check that out um we're gonna work with a team on some of that stuff that's really fun We got some new COCs. So those were coming from our new voting tool. Mike and Lockie are here as COCs, which is amazing. Very deserved, dude. They're awesome. Maybe some more coming soon. But yeah. And so now we should have a little bit better of a way to kind of get COCs in the building and stuff. So yeah, good stuff. It's been a really nice week. It's been really fun. Have a good time. Yeah. For the merch, do you have a manufacturer in place already? That's a good question. Probably a Katoshi question who's not here yet. Rolex TV, do you know? I think they do. Okay. I think we just need to get a design down. We have someone that will make them. We just need to get a design that we want to work with and use. And I think Katoshi, before he just got off to go to bed, get some sleep, Said it was like 27 people that he was in contact with or helping through the process to submit a design to us. So quite a few people, I think. Hopefully they all submit in time because we have to do it within like this really short time period or this time frame in order to get it done by Cast Symbol or something like that. So, yeah, we'll see what happens out of that. I think the team ultimately will be kind of handling the manufacturing side of things, too. So our job is just to work with the community to get it designed out. Correct, yeah. Kimo, do you think an embroidery boy would be able to crank something out in this short time window or no? Probably, yeah. Do you think it's worth making that connection right now? Yeah, I can do that. If the team overrides him again, though, he's going to be pissed. Yeah, you should find out. But he's pretty good. Cloud has some cool designs as well. Might be an option. Yeah, Embraeriboy has a full stack designed to... He's not a designer, but he can basically get anything. He gets most of the artist merch done like a month before breakpoint every year. I'll reach out and see. What kind of quantities are you guys looking at? How much do you need? I don't know. That's a good question. Distribution numbers we haven't really looked at yet. I think we're just trying to get the design. And once we have a design or a couple designs, we'll probably see what community feedback is on them. And I guess it'd be we get some for each person that's going to be a cat symbol. If I had to guess, I don't know. Yeah, it's probably over 500, I'd guess. But... I don't know. We posted it today, so the team kind of just gave us the info, so I don't know if we know yet. The team's funding it though, right? Yeah, team funding. Okay, okay. Yeah, I'm going for Roid Reboy then for sure. The venue fits up to a thousand people, and I think they're aiming for somewhere in between that. Do we have a venue that's official? Do we know? No. Morten, are you leaking? Morten's leaking. Okay. No, I'm just saying there is a venue and it fits a certain amount of people and it should be announced somewhat soon. Cool. Leaks. Oh, okay, cool. Clouds did these. That's awesome. Yeah, hopefully Cloud sets this up. Maybe we can get in contact with that too. But anyone in the community, I could date out on a few. That's something you want to tackle. But yeah, definitely worth checking. Hitting us up and getting the telegram chat and talking about it. Yeah. Yeah. There's, there's designs other than just like your average, like t-shirt or something, stuff like that too. So take a look. There's an announcement. Where was it? The working group announcements channel, I believe. Yeah. So Katoshi, it's the most recent one. If you guys want to take a look, it's event shirt. There's like team shirts, there's jackets, long socks, beanies. These are some of the things we're trying to get designed. So it's not just like your standard, like go to your t-shirt. This is something you guys are interested in where you guys have like a, I don't know, a talent to do then please, please hit us up and do it before tomorrow at 9am EST. Okay. That's the deadline. Oh, wow. Okay. I definitely don't think you can set up your own shops to sell these designs. They might be sold. They might be given away. I'm not totally sure. But they'll be at Cat's Den Bowl. I guess if you wanted to go to Cat's Den Bowl and get one, then you could do that. You want to sell my own clothing at Cat's Den Bowl? Yeah, I think it'd be free. Yeah, totally. Totally. but yeah guys uh submit your design ideas uh for the merch if you get a chance another thing i wanted to uh just say here too since like we're cog and we deal with a lot of the community stuff is um really liked liked seeing like our community kind of like have different opinions on the recent stuff you know that went down that we all kind of got thrown into but What really, I just wanted to give kudos to everybody is like, we all stuck together. We all maybe had different feelings about it. Really touchy subject, but it was just really neat to see the entire community band together and just see us like going forward from here and being united for this next UPRA vote. Like we're, you know, trying to focus on. So shout out to you guys. The community is awesome. I saw a ton of cadets. Ferdinand was like, going toe to toe with people in the general chat. Um, so I just wanted to thank everybody and yeah. Yeah. And, and launch planning off that too. I think it's going to be really important for us over the next, at least a week to, to discuss with the community and come to kind of some more solid, um, some kind of more solid stuff. So we, I mean, we obviously been kind of discussing a little bit with COCs and stuff, but you know, us, the CWG, COCs, um, and the, you know, interesting community members will have some more opportunities for us all to kind of chat and, uh, maybe, you know, debrief after everything that's been happening the last few weeks. Yeah. Yeah. Let's, um, yeah, let's keep going around OG. I guess we'll skip you this week cause you were in your own vacation. Uh, we'll be able to go over to, Saxon Irish oh where's Satchel by the way so Satchel is actually editing the weekly news thing so he's I think he's in the crowd listening while he's finishing off the edit maybe he's not in the crowd but yeah guys what updates you got for us so we've been like experimenting with changing a lot right um we're going to be back. Firstly, we're working with that at the motor on some branding stuff, which is great. Thank you so much for that. And chemo, you, you guys have been great. There's going to be a workshop on Wednesday. Looking forward to that tomorrow. We're talking to Doge capital and Alan, which is going to be a vibe. Doge capital are like an OG Solana NFT project. Good builders. Um, And I'm very keen to get some feedback here as well. Yeah, thanks so much. Yeah, so currently we've been soliciting feedback on... the working group, the podcasts, like how we're getting on and what we think would improve, just improve us as a whole, right? Because obviously we're just beyond our halfway point and we've had a few chats with community members in the voice chat. So obviously you can see like there's quite a lot of people jumping into the voice chats on a regular basis. So we're fortunate enough to speak to people directly and One question that we've been keen to ask, and I know this is what Wake was going to ask you guys, but I just wanted to add a bit more context. It's like we've already been getting feedback and we've had a solid response. Everyone's unified on this. And it's, we've, you know, we went from doing Jupe & Juice on a Thursday once a week to doing it on a Tuesday and Thursday weekly, right? And for us, it was a thing where, yeah, I suppose we just like doing stuff and we like doing more and more stuff. So it just made sense at the time. But as we've experimented with it, we found that it feels like it almost fractures our audience, right? So you have people that would probably watch both. And then you have people that watch on a Tuesday, but then they won't watch on a Thursday and vice versa as well. And there's this weird imbalance of, you know, there's seven days in the week. You have the Monday, then you have Juven Juice on Tuesday. Wednesday, you have... nothing, well you have the planche cool but you have no dupe and juice and then you have Thursday you have dupe and juice then this four day gap and then it happens all again and I feel like I think it felt more of like a more of something that had more steam in it and more enjoyment to it when people looked forward to it once a week rather than, you know, Chiffon Juice on this day and that day. And we spoke to tens of people and every single one of them has agreed so far anyway. And if you guys have different, you know, if you have a different opinion, please tell us. But they've said they preferred it when it was once a week. And it was quite surprising to us. But at the same time, we kind of reached that point ourselves as well. Like we kind of had the feeling that this this was happening. So any working group members that have an opinion on this, please do share as well. But we think, you know, we're well, we think we think it's best for us to go back to doing this once a week. and we're kind of looking through our schedule when our calendar irish has been working very hard on this to try and because we've booked up up until january and beyond right so we're having to now fit all these people in and try to like change things around i mean you can touch on that if you want irish it's a very tricky thing to do by the way yeah And then also we had, you know, we had a few people cancel on us because of what happened on the weekend as well, right? They don't want to be seen involved in any Jupiter-related stuff currently purely because of the optics of whatever happened, which is fine, you know, kind of came at a good time for us. But it's... It's just one of those things that we're trying to sort of find out. Yeah, it's out of our control. But what is in our control is like making Jupe & Juice the best for the community. And if it kind of feels like too much... And what's been mentioned as well is like, because Jupe & Juice is after PPP hour, obviously PPP hour is something quite new, but it's on a Tuesday and Thursday, one hour before Jupe & Juice. And then obviously as PPP hour ends, then Jupe & Juice starts, right? So it's like... and then after Super Juice ends, there's like other things that happen, right? The thread universities or whatever, right? Um, there's also the, the uplink grants thing now. So it's like, it just feels like there's a lot of activity. I feel like community members have expressed that they feel almost overwhelmed with stuff. So I'm like, okay, what can we do? And I think if we, if we do change this and we've kind of come to a collective decision that if we refine this down to, uh, a Tuesday once a week and then we're still refining the time for the best time zone and stuff so we keep experimenting with that but it's going to be less hard on the community and sort of less hard on us as well and then we can create other things Well, we're going to create other forms of content instead of doing the podcast. So it frees up time. Obviously, we're not going to get a day off. We're going to be freeing up time where we would have been focusing on Jupe & Juice to do different content. But for me, I feel it's very intense. Although it's an hour and a half, it's very intense. Yeah, like the build up, the post, everything around Jupe & Juice and doing it twice a week is... it is kind of I'm starting to feel the burnout of it and I haven't felt burnout yet till now and people have warned me that this is going to happen I was looking at recording today I was like we all look like shit yeah once we once you see the news drop today you're going to see all of us and we all look super rough but that's just that's just how it goes you know so so hopefully we can refine this and it's going to work better for the community and better for Jupe & Juice as a working group we can put out more different types of content, like pre-recording stuff, not as intense as live stuff. And so, yeah, just, so we're working on that and just finding our way, man. It's just, it's just how, just how it is, man. It's very experimental and just discovering stuff as we go. So yeah. What else? What else are we doing? Focusing in on the branding stuff with the guys, Kimo and Adam, which I mentioned already, but like actually putting the tracks together, down we're like we're sort of 90 percent there we've just got that last 10 percent to cook also um upping the writing game you guys have probably noticed there's been more threads more writing on our page more variety as well i think uh we got spammy at a time whilst we were sort of just trying to like fill the feed all the time but that wasn't the best approach so we've uh we've pivoted since then and included a much more variety of content on the page um But yeah, Defo keen to have just general feedback. Like I have a target in mind for our Twitter page, an organic target in mind for our Twitter page is 5k. And it's like, we're getting there, we're getting there. We are getting there, but things have slowed down as of recent. And then, yeah, you know, we just got to experiment and do new things. Like I think... we've had some really good weeks and then we've had some quiet weeks but jupiter i suppose is the gift that keeps giving so we'll uh we'll capitalize on you so yeah i think you're doing a good job with your growth the thing is about brand accounts they're very tricky because you're almost put in a box on like what you can comment on like if you're like a individual account you can comment on like everything under the sun that's happening if you're a brand account you can't really do that Like there's a there's just for example, there's just like a big project on the ETH. I think it's called like RTF TK or something. I haven't heard of it before today, but apparently it's very big. They just run like so, for example, if I'm an individual account, I can give my hot take on that as a brand account. You can't really like it just seems out of place. Like it's like you've been used. Why are you talking about this, though? Yeah, exactly. But yeah, you guys are doing a good job though. Thank you, man. I'm just going to share the link to the workshop in the chat. So anyone who's interested to come to the workshop that, you know, Kimo and AJ are doing with us, building out our branding and stuff, guiding us on the design side, you know, and they also touch on other things as well with us. So it's well worth coming on a Wednesday. So I've just shared that in the chat. Okay, hold on. Before you do that, then, this is related to Juvenjus. Any Turkey locals, hit me in the DMs. This is a call to my Turkey friends, my Turkish friends. Oh, Turkish. I was like, dude, are you making a Thanksgiving pun? Like, what are you talking about? But yeah, please, if you guys live in Turkey, you're not a Turkey, although I'm open to that. or even better in Istanbul, hit me in my DMs. We'd love to talk. Yeah, and that's something else we're working on as well is... Do I have to send nudes? No, that's crazy, bro. We're working on Istanbul content. So we're already thinking about how we can create some cool content. Freaky's been chatting to me and saying, oh, guys, why don't you do a vlog? And I was like, yeah, we've got something in mind. But yeah, we're trying to do something special. Yes. That's what we'll say. Whoa. W. W, man. Whoa, whoa, whoa. I don't think so, brother. All right. all right yeah i guess we'll get into our updates then and then we'll go to audience questions But yeah, one of the things we worked on last week was a lot of Jupyuri comms just because, my goodness, are people fragmented in what information they know and what they don't know? So we had to put out a bunch of infographics and also shout out to WTP and Ferdinand who worked very tirelessly last week using those infographics and also correcting people. There was a non-trivial amount of people who thought the vote meant Jupyuri was outright cancelled, for example. And that's just one of the big things. But yeah, I put out a couple infographics. We were all hands on deck in the gen chat last week. And I assume we're probably going to have to do that again this week when the vote goes live. But you know, it is what it is. We've also been continuing with the grant system. Southern's group has received a grant. She's the first regional group to pop up. There are a couple others behind her who are interested in doing something similar. But Yeah, I think it's very interesting to me, the regional groups, because they're kind of at the intersection of digital and physical. And I'm just curious to see where that goes. Of course, all of this is an experiment. We can't make any assumptions or take any assumptions for granted. So very curious to see what they're able to cook with that. Another thing, if you didn't see the Juke Mobile backgrounds were implemented from the DAO vote. So I was actually skeptical on the burning cat one, which I'll link now, because I was like, this isn't going to look 10 out of 10 amazing if it's on the swap screen. But Aaron, who's the lead designer for Jupyter, was very clever and he put it somewhere else. And I think it looks fantastic where it is. So shout out to Aaron. He did a really good job with everything else. Let me keep going. Kimo also co-hosted a design stages with Adeda. Kimo, do you want to talk about that for a sec? Yeah, so we're kind of just going through beginning to end branding for Jupe & Juice, which is first one was kind of heady, but that's kind of zeroing in on what their core value props are and like what the things that they sort of can put the least amount of time in and get the most out of. So that was more an internal branding focus session. This week's will be pretty much entirely focused on the visuals, their logo, their colors, how to use stuff. Then the week after that, we're going to be working on a design for a landing page. And then the week after that, we're going to be implementing that landing page where people can grab their latest episode or what it's all about or features or highlights, et cetera, et cetera. Maybe like a request form for people who are interested in going in there. But it's sort of just like a step-by-step from where they are today to having a completed brand system. with the goal of basically creating a design system that makes it so that they can put less effort in and get a similar quality out. that they are currently getting. So, yeah. I'm also working on a narrative video series. There's going to be a bunch of these. We're going to try and target one every two weeks, long-form video stuff. Some of this is going to probably about 50% of this is going to focus around Jupiter, and then the other 50% is going to be at the Solana ecosystem at large. But I dropped the trailer for that. What little under a week ago now is in the chat. Yeah, pretty cool. OK. And then in regards to the grant system, we currently have five P five groups who have received the grant. These are juicy Fabiano, Dr. Pre Ballen with his music videos. Miria and her group with DeFi Juke Jam and also testing product testing Liam and also recently Southern. We have one that is undergoing vote at this time, which is Duke's group. And then we have about four that are ready to go to a vote. And then we have about one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, seven to eight that are in like a pre-vote stage that need a little bit more tinkering. So yeah, that's the state of the grants. What else? Sorry, we have to say something. Okay, just making noise. Yeah, let's see. We're also working on the CATS stand bullet applications. All the work groups are. So this is very important. If you apply for a subsidy, you also have to apply to the Luma to get a ticket. at all for it so make sure you do that there's also additionally a little bit more information on the luma page um and even if you're not applying for a subsidy you need to get go through the luma page to get a ticket so make sure you use that just go to that everything's there but yeah wow we have so many submissions i think we have like 900 submissions so far and i think about more is more now and then i think about like 150 or so have gotten the subsidy it's quite uh a tricky job to apply to approve these as well because there's a bit of detective work that you need to do we've been doing a bit with the guys yeah and I appreciate all your guys help all the work groups you can use CWG uplink everyone has been doing a fantastic job and I mean we couldn't do it ourselves Additionally, it's also a point of note that each workgroup kind of communicates more with their own circle, with different circles. They might not be the same as the ones we in the CWG have. So it's nice to get a good distribution of people and eyes on the applications. Glad we could help at CWG Legends. Yeah, we've been... enjoying the process it's actually really fun it's like it's cool to be like wow there's a lot of people here who yeah and it's like life-changing experience man yeah we're in that process of like actually making the trip real for people how sick is that that's insane um I'm like, I can put a good word. You know, I've, I've, I've, I've known people in my circle that are like very plugged in to Solana plugged in to tube. Don't know it's happening. So I'm a damning them like, bro apply. Yeah. Apply man. What else? You have a couple more things. Um, yeah, one where we're trialing a couple of people for the CWG. Um, AG is one of them. Also, Jay Port is another one of them. If you've seen him in the chat or on the Reddit, he's pretty active. We just throw them some things to like just kind of spearhead. Like we gave them, we said like, hey, how could we further Juke Mobile adoption? And they just gave us like a huge ass business plan. So yeah, we're working with them. We're trialing them. They're doing a good job. One thing is like if you're a cat of culture and potentially cat debt, if you want to help with the cat debt list system, we could use more people just because there's 80,000 people or 80,000 tokens being launched every day. And it's just pretty absurd at this point. So if you're interested, yeah, we just tag us in the tokenless unmonitored channel tag more in or AG or me or me. Yeah. What else? Yeah, AG, if you're in here, don't put this in the weekly report. It's just an idea I'm floating with, but I'm thinking of potentially, just because there's so much funds in the Dow Treasury left, potentially we want to do a cubic round with the original grant system. But it didn't pan out. So I'm thinking of like before the end of the year, potentially revitalizing that effort to get a cubic round to just like fund the Solana developer ecosystem for the for the holidays before the holidays. Again, it's just an idea at this stage. It doesn't mean it is happening, but I'm going to see if it's feasible. Yeah, I think one of the big considerations here is that so like the Dow's USDC treasury is at what was it 9.1 mil? Right Slurkin? Yeah. Yeah, and that'll get topped up in January. So basically we've used about 9% of our yearly budget. And then the more we're able to sort of deploy before January, the more we get back and we end up with the same amount of money, whether we end the year with, but we wouldn't necessarily deploy all of it. But if we ended the year with zero dollars in the treasury, it would still get topped up to the same amount as if we end with 9.1. So it would be nice to deploy more capital into the ecosystem, I think. That doesn't mean to be crazy with it or put it all on red or anything. I was going to pump fun. I think doing a 300 to 500k for a cubic round from the Solana dev ecosystem for the holidays would be nice. But yeah, we'll see if it's feasible. We'll see if it's feasible. Let's see. Okay, I think that's most of the main things. And we can go to audience questions now. So yeah guys, if you have any questions or topics you want to talk about either from last week or in the future going forward. A cubic cubic is a quadratic funding mechanism. It's similar to Gitcoin on Ethereum. The way it works is like there's a host who donates a bulk amount. And then like people give like little donations and the bulk amount is then divvied based on the little donations. Did you say there was two people trialing for you? Yeah. Who was the, it was AG and who else? Jay Porno. Yeah, Jay Porno. Jay Porno. Is that cat dead? Bro, what can I, I don't know who that is. I'm not plugged in enough, bro. My bad. I mean, were you in the gen chat at all? Like the last, like, it was a couple of times I popped in and out. Probably time, time zone. Oh yeah, Jay Paul. Yeah, I know this guy. My bad. Congrats. I think the issue here is it's a skill issue. You've got to spend more time. It's a creativity. I think I lack creativity. That's Cass's go-to line, boys. You lack creativity. You lack creativity. Can I mention something about the ongoings on the weekend? Yeah, sure. I really don't want to depress you guys either, so I'm going to keep it short. So if something stupid gets said on the feed, it's not an invitation to then go use it out of context in general chat, especially if you have a role in the Discord. Yeah, W. Oh. What's the depressing part here? I don't really want to mention names because I'm sure people are handling it already, but I just noticed something. over that weekend it's not what we want but you know i have no power here whatsoever i'm nobody but i'm just saying i don't think that's what we want no well and there's there's i mean people are using it in a joking role way and stuff um but it kind of you know over the weekend things kind of the vibes changed a bit um and people were kind of feeling more loose with their speech probably with words is that people can't tell if you're joking or not - Yeah, but there was some blatant cases. You're totally right, but there was some blatant cases of just using it as an excuse. And what Rolex said earlier is, is absolutely true that the community in general was definitely united and like crushing the comms there which is great but there was just a few edge cases that were a bit dodgy yeah i mean yeah i saw the two people just taking in running with it they're like uh-huh it's so funny i'm a troll um but yeah thanks for sharing that with us week uh yeah guys in the audience raise your hand if you want to come up i see a couple hands they're like gonna let you guys up um but yeah thanks for sharing all right let's start with uh marcello what's up man hey how's it going thanks for having me again can you all hear me yeah thank you sir awesome man um i don't know if y'all remember me i'm pretty new to that we do i remember you coming up coleman um yeah when i saw the uh the event that's happening in turkey i got pretty excited i thought you know it's so cool that there's um a community event happening, you know, around building because most of the events that have been happening or that I've seen have been more so just for purely marketing. And yeah, I submitted a subsidy and I just wanted to see like If it's been seen or anything and if so, so pretty much, you know, I have a project. I'm a founder and I'm trying to build like an ecosystem currently around my project. And one of the things we're building, it's a simple function, but it's just pretty much a burn bot or telegram. I think there are some that exist, but there's none that are popular tokens. And a community, a community member asked, hey, uh can you send the you know the verification address and i was like and i was just doing so many things i was like i don't have time to go search for that while i'm trying to do all this other stuff and it would have just been so much better if it just popped up in real time you know if the data just could have been pulled through a simple bot and uh so i'm making that bot right now and you know i um was planning on trying to uh I don't plan on running any ads for right now or doing any advertising. I was just going to offer it for free and just give value. But I was planning on trying to get sponsored by maybe like an aggregator like Jupiter or maybe, you know, some like Dex screen or something just to put their link as the primary. Yeah, one of the primary sub links on the bot. And yeah, I thought, oh, hey, if I could get a subsidy to come to the event, maybe I could. Yeah, like go ahead and do that with Jupiter. And like there's other things, too, like I'd be happy to provide value with. I've got a pretty very, pretty resourceful. I've been in crypto since 2017 and I have a 12 person team now. So it's like I don't know specifically what, you know, Jupiter is looking for in general. As far as to build a community, grow, or just get value from, you know, I'm willing to, yeah, to help out to become part of the community. So that's what, those are pretty much just two questions. One, does that sound like something that a subsidy could be earned for? And then two, what is it that y'all really ideally are looking for when it comes to getting, yeah, just value or help to grow the community? Do you have a Twitter? Because I could then... Yeah, so currently I've just been using... I'm literally a unicorn right now. I'm running my whole project by myself. I have these 12 people on the back end, but they're all just following my direction. So I'm just using my... my project's twitter which is just smashy coin to um to network and operate my personal twitter is just my name it's literally marcelo can too um but there's not any really activity on there um i doxed myself for my project as well but yeah it's just literally um i'll put my name in the chat but this is uh this is my personal twitter um same thing as my um my youtube my instagram it's all literally the same thing but for crypto i've only used just my um yeah just the smashy coin twitter yeah so in regards to the subsidies those are meant for just uh covering travel costs for the events um specifically in regards to like sponsor jupiter itself sponsoring your burn bot um they don't even sponsor my burn but so like probably not oh that's cool yeah you have a yeah i would like to actually talk to you later about that to get some insight if you're if you're open to it about your uh your burn bot and where it's uh maybe why it's not popular or other like if it's if it's hell Oh, Sol Incinerate is like, I think it's the most popular. It's pretty cool. You must use Dapp and Sol Dapp. Yeah, I know that I've used that burn bot, but I was talking as far as for Telegram for notifications because that's something, the problem I had was that I had no way to, in a very fast and efficient and quick way, to relay that to my community that, hey, I just burnt this token. you know, versus them having to get an address or link and click on it and go look at it and make sure it's coming from some certain source versus it just being like, you know, like a buy bot when someone makes a purchase of a token in real time, they get notified and they get the info, boom, right there in front of them. If I haven't seen that for a burning, like a burn bot like that. We actually, Marcelo, actually, I have a... I do that with my project scales, actually. Julian and I do. We have, like, updates in Telegram. There's a burn that happens every 15 minutes, and it's part of our, like, part of our pets. Anyways, to keep the pet alive, it's like gamified Tamagotchi, but... Anyways, it burns every 15 minutes, and then it updates it in the Telegram. Like, it sends a little message, just like a BiBot would. If you want to get with me on it, or me and Julian, I can... Tell you kind of how we set it up. Um, you're talking if that's if that's like more or less what you're looking for Yeah, they'd be awesome because I haven't seen um any that are popular yet. I really think that that's something um, a lot of devs like myself would use it's just there's not one that's really known or that's um, Yeah, because in my opinion, it's like when there's a burn transaction it's uh, it's just as exciting as when there's a buyer purchase because yeah, it's uh, Yeah, it's just it's a benefit for the holders, you know, because their value is going up. So, yeah. But yeah, that'd be great if I'll reach out to your message. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Eric, don't feel bad. There was I'm not going to reveal any names, but there was a guy who swapped the token like literally I'm not even joking, literally two minutes before it pumped up. two minutes he swat he made like like 50 cents or something and then he was like really upset and he came into the discord about it but he swapped it like two minutes before that pump to like 90 dollars happened so yes wait look did you see that video of the the token guy who accidentally burned the treasury on solace in a row i think that was probably like i think that was staged yeah it may have been but that's not the first time it's happened because it happened a lot hey so yeah i was gonna ask also uh my last question was just um what is it ideally that y'all are looking for because um i myself i'm um yeah more more marketer i have an a background in e-commerce um i had a pretty successful company during covet and uh my business partner was a full-stack developer and he did all the developing and operating i did the marketing but i uh yeah i as i've gotten more into uh crypto on the like building side of things for you know project wise i'm getting really uh just been a lot of fun and i'm wanting to just yeah like meet more people and learn impossible more opportunities to uh, yeah, just grow together and get deeper in the space. So I'm pretty serious when I say like if y'all need help with something, especially if it's uh, anything to do with like marketing or content creation, I could probably add value for sure. Like my projects at a million market cap, which I know is not crazy high, but I've done that just purely from my network and just creating content around my project and Yeah, nothing else. So I did write a short essay about things that I think are useful to the DAO. There's four of them. You can read a bit more in depth in the actual essay. But one is increasing the reach of Jupiter, the DAO, increasing the education of Jupiter, the DAO, the activation of its members, cohesion amongst its members. So those are the four main categories that you could potentially contribute to. And there's probably more stuff than that, but that was just kind of just like a framework I came up with. Did you send that in the chat? Yeah, I pinged you. It's in the town hall chat itself, which you have to open with the... I see it. All right, awesome. Thank you. But yeah, Marcel, did you have any other questions or topics you wanted to vamp on? No, that's it, man. I appreciate it. Okay, guys, we are close to the hour and there's a bunch of people up here already. So I'm going to ask one last time, guys, if you have any questions, raise your hand now, let you up on stage and we'll just do everyone on stage. So yeah, please do that now. Nice Christmas hat, Morten. Did you just add that to your PFP? Yes, sir. Like 10 minutes ago, I told you at the start of this call, I ordered it because I couldn't let you be the only one. But yeah, let's just go top to bottom. Let's go next to Adeda. Adeda, what you got for us? Gem, everyone. Nice PFP slogan, Wotan. So, yeah. So, I won't be saying much about the Design Bootcamp because people have heard that from the Japan Juice boys and Kimo. I'd like to especially thank Kimo for co-hosting the bootcamp with me. So, okay. So, for the bootcamp, I wanted to say that it's going to be holding on Wednesday. So, from the last session, I got feedback that it was quite lengthy and then because we spoke more about design, not through the actual designs, people were not really engaging. People were not really engaged with us. So this Wednesday is going to be different. We're going to be doing more of designs and then we are going to be compressing the time. And also for Constantino's catalytics team, there's going to be like a design review course. He's currently running a bounty for designers for logo projects. Anna and colour palette so there's going to be like a session by weekend we're going to announce the time later so if anyone is interested or if you are if you don't know about the bounty you can hop on the bounty just go to his page or you can even check it on my own page yeah that's all from my end thank you yeah content content content I know bro it's not easy my bad I've thought several times I've thought several times about changing my name because people can't speak it out Constantino yeah you can you can do that guys I won't change my pfp because pfp is also helping a lot but uh Yeah, you can call me Con. So some words about what Adela said. We have an open bounty at Catalytics for a designer that is ending in two days. It's 300 USDC. We have eight applicants until now. And we will arrange a review, probably on Discord, with all the attendance. And we're going to check the logos and then internally decide for a winner. So if there are designers in the call still interested, you have two days to apply for the grant and possibly join our team. I'll be in. Yay. Yeah, Konstantinos, while you're up here, did you have anything else, any questions or other topics you wanted to touch on? No, that was actually it. I wanted to join to share this. Thank you very much. All right. Yeah, I see no more hands. So I think we'll just wrap up everyone else who is on stage right now. So let's go. We'll do Southern's group and then we'll do Raven at the end. So Southern, what's up? What you got for us? Gem, gem, guys. I just want to say thank you for everything. uh, uh, passing in. I really appreciate you. We want to thank you for us. I just want to say thank you. Uh, then we had our second event on Friday. We'll be pushing out more content so that in the coming weeks we had a little bit of a technical delay, but we're getting that sorted out. So yeah, So please guys, just follow us on, you know, connect on X and stay updated whatever we have coming up. So yeah, that's just it. Cool, yeah. Are you going to write like a thread or like a debriefing of like that and like the lessons like you learned? Because this is really, I think, important because it's like unexplored territory for most of us. So like if we can learn from your learnings, that's really big for the rest of us. Yeah. Okay, yeah, we got a thread. Yeah, I've been working on that. When you mean like written content, like threads of what happened with B or just threads generally, or like maybe something for research? Yeah, when I say like a... Sorry, go ahead, Dharush. Go ahead. When you're doing it, just come and jump in the voice chat with us and show us and we'll guide you if you need, like just ask you the questions that you can sort of answer in... because like basically what what you're doing in a sense is called what's called like observe how people actually act in like a natural organic setting and that's like that's what you're doing for like spreading jupiter and also probably several of the jupiter products like juke mobile and just be very interesting to like see like what what insights or takeaways you get from from this like okay what do people respond to the best um what what sort of captures their attention the most things of that nature i think are very useful Okay, okay. Jot it down. I think maybe I'll put our written content, comparing from the first event to our collab with Moonwork down this last one. Yeah, cool. Did you have anything else for us? No, no, no. That's it for now. Okay. And then I guess we'll end this session with Raven. Raven, what you got for us? Can you hear me? Sorry, Sagan, you were a little frazzled, Sagan. Can you hear me? Yep, yep, you're good. Okay, I don't know if you remember me, but I was talking about doing a white paper, probably like two weeks ago or so, something like that. Yeah, it was at the town hall, I remember. So I've made a lot of progress. To give you an idea of what it's about, basically it's focused on meme coins, right? So it's a meme coin based white paper and basically it's going to cover two sections, which is the product development side. So I actually looked at some of Jupiter's products and seeing, okay, how can it help to influence or have impact in the meme coin space? And the other part is the content side, which will cover brand development and public relations and stuff like that. So with everything that happened over the weekend, those are the stuff that I want to help address. And I'm guessing that it kind of showed how influential the meme coin space is in terms of how it's affecting Jupiter. So I'm glad that I don't have to do like a lot of over convincing when I do drop the white paper to show what the benefits are. So the product development side, I've kind of gotten a good headway with that. So now I'm kind of like looking on the content side of things. But you guys know. your content is like kind of all over the place. And so I think I haven't looked at like all the different types of content, but I'm wondering, do you guys have like a dedicated work group or a dedicated content space that is focused around meme coins? And if not, I would like to spearhead that creation. What I really am trying to do is create a group of people that can have influence and impact in educating people around the space. The meme coin, what meme coins really did was it dumbed down the culture, like hugely dumbed down the culture. And so I want to get it back up to where it can kind of get a bit more mature in how we even talk about simple things like marketing or finance or community building. And so I am taking a Web2 approach in how a business would do marketing or a business would do community building, having conversations that talk about, you know, terminology and how to approach things. And because right now, the way people even like have a conversation around meme coins, as we have seen, it's very loose. It's not mindful. It's very impulsive and we can see how chaotic it can be. So having some sort of structure, and some guidelines and how to approach it, how to have conversations around it, how to promote it in an upstanding way that's not going to create a lot of more degeneracy in the space. But I need people for that. So I'm wondering if you guys have... like people that are willing to kind of come around and build a work group for that purpose or that already exists. Are you loosely describing a PR work group? It can be. It's PR focused, yes, but it has a lot of brand building with it as well. But I guess, yes, it is centered on PR and it's centered on education and So, yeah, it is it is it's a campaign based work group. So it's going to have very specific targeted goals and mission that is is built for. Oh, would you say Web2 and Web3 PR is different? Are they the same? Are they different? They're different, but they shouldn't be. Web2 is more mature. Yeah. It's very, very more mature. It's a lot more intentional. It has structure. It has guidelines. It has rules. Even when things go bad, because Web 2 gets stuff really, really bad, right? We've seen that with the recent Jaguar campaign. That was like totally, totally wrong. And within when Web 2 gets wrong, there is still a chain of command. There is still structure. There is still people... That are, you know, held responsible, things just don't randomly happen. So even when Web 2 gets things wrong, it's more that the direction was wrong. Right. So they they the campaign, if they had a proper direction, it would have been great. So the direction was wrong. But even in a failed campaign, you can see that there was effort that was put into it, whether it's how the content was created, the color schemes, they had to hire models, they had to do a whole bunch of stuff. So even when Web 2 gets things wrong, you know that there was a structure in place. When Web 3 gets things wrong, You're like, it's just totally left field. Like you, you can't tell what was the purpose of this. You can't tell what part of it was misaligned with maybe they weren't aligned with their mission or they weren't aligned with their branding or they misunderstand or misconstrued some type of, like you don't know where things went wrong. It's hard to identify it. Because, again, there's no there's no structure a lot of times. And so for me, it's about establishing structure. Yeah, you can have the Web3 spin on things. I'm not saying like copy and paste Web2. No, but it's not about let's do things the Web2 way. It's about let's do it. build the structures in place so we can develop our own way of doing things that are intentional, that are missional, that have goals aligned with them and that people can see, oh, like there is an actual reason for doing things this way. Yeah, a lot of the things you're saying are making sense. It's a big task. I'm excited to see your white paper. I don't know if anyone else has any feedback on Raven's. Yeah. Well, good concept. I'm excited too. One thing that as someone who loves this space, it makes me nervous and I want to see how you do it because I'm really curious. But obviously there's kind of gag reflex about PR often because like what that means is losing your spirit or becoming very corporate. And the reason I love working for Jupiter or one of the reasons at least is is because we still have a sense of a person. Obviously, there are situations where that goes wildly wrong, as we saw last weekend. But it's also... To say that Web 2 and Web 3 shouldn't have different structures, I think, is maybe a mistake, because we do, ultimately, that is what we are. We're trying to be different. And so... But I'm really curious to see kind of what you're thinking. Oh, the audience is fundamentally like different, isn't it? Yeah. Well, it's that and like the whole point of it's different. You know, I want to, I think it is important to be able to speak. Like, I guess, yeah, that's where I'm at with it. So it's almost like, I think it's a great idea. I think it's very needed. And also it kind of like, part of me is like, oh no, like that kind of feels like you're almost losing a little part of yourself. So I'm interested. Yeah. Yeah. I think what I want to clarify with that is that structure is basic, right? Structure is like let's have a language that we use. Let's have terminologies that we use. Let's have things that we're able to communicate. For example, in identifying kind of like what went wrong yesterday, I mean, over the weekend, right? What happens when you're trying to intersect with a culture, but you don't have a structure or a language that you've established? What happens is you're let the culture kind of define how you talk and that's what happened like um he was trying to use the same language as the culture instead of kind of defining how he you know he wanted to to kind of interact because a lot of the language that the culture uses he's part of a lot has a different position, a position, right? So, and this is something that founders always... also get wrong in web too right you try to be like everybody else and you forget that you have a different position you're not like everybody else people are not going to see you and respond to you like everyone else and we've seen that everybody's looking at him as the founder of a protocol and wondering how is he using this language he's not like one of the regular guys no he's not different position he's held to a certain standard he has a different set of responsibilities so no you can't look at him as oh he's just like everybody else he's not and so when when you have people that they don't understand how to define themselves and then kind of like have that personality and interact with the culture instead of like trying to like adapt to the culture, use the same language as the culture uses, that's when it went wrong. Like there's a way to have a conversation and understand the position that you have in having that conversation. You can't forget who you are. Right. When you're talking to people, you can't forget the position that you hold or the influence that you have. It's a it's a different level. So that's what I'm talking about in having structure. And so we're influencing the culture. We're not having the culture influence us. Right. And this is the problem that I've identified from the beginning. And this is not just Jupiter. This is like DeFi protocols in general. Right. What happened is the culture, they lost the grip on the culture when meme coins came into the space, right? The culture went left, completely kind of degenerate. And now protocols that are a bit more refined, they lost their voice in the culture. But if you're leading the culture, you cannot... try to be the exact same thing as the culture you're trying to influence or try to change. You have to be different, but still be able to relate to that culture. Yeah. Appreciate your takes, Wave. I'm super excited to see your white paper. Oh, yeah. Me too. When you finish that and compose it. Yeah, I'd love to see it. Yeah. And yeah, I just, I think, as you know, it's hard when you're in a space full of DJs, like to get the, to get the word across, but I'm really excited to see what you think. And excited to kind of see your take on it. That's really cool. Is Yashton going to sing us out? That's the, that's the question. I think he's ranting. One more question I said real quick. I'm sorry. For Raven. Oh, What was your background? I'm just curious, like what inspired you to kind of want to do this, take this on? So my background, I'm actually a business research analyst. So I actually spent like two years on Twitter, but I was in the AI, the building public space. So I was in the developers and it was the same similar type of problems, but Not as degenerate, of course, but I've identified a lot of the cultural problems in terms of like not understanding leadership and how to positively influence the space and, you know, the different things that can happen when money is involved. So a lot of the crossover is very similar, but different. Web3 is definitely next level. It's definitely next level. There's just no comparison. And so what I've done is spent the entire year kind of building out frameworks specifically for this space that I've noticed. So this is a white paper series. So this is like the one that I'm going to drop is part two. There's a part one that I have to update. But yeah, this is a whole white paper series because it's a lot. Cool. That'll be it. So yeah, I was listening to her and she was saying that Web 3 is better but I completely disagree with her. I think the Web 3 is the future on the internet because it is more decentralized and no government can access it. That's the reason I like Web 3. I just hate Web 2. Fair play, fair play. But beyond that, are you here to sing? Today? I'm excited, man. No, no, I just wanted to counter. And the thing that I don't like about Web 2, it means like government or institute can access our data, but in Web 3, it is more private and secure. That's the reason Web 3 is better than Web 2. Interesting thing. All right. Yeah, I guess if there's nothing else, we are a bit past the hour now, so I think we can wind things down. Yeah, Raven, come back whenever you post that part two of your white paper series. And yeah, thanks for everyone who came out today and asked your questions, participated in the discussion, and we will see you same time next week. All right, see you around, everyone. Thank you. Bye. Bye.