It was like the right balance of like quality and then like kind of like goofiness, like the way AI... Yeah, like the right amount of goofy jank. Yeah, yeah. It was like sex is monotone. Like there's just so many parts of it. I really liked it. We need to make it more schizo next time though, I think. Yeah, definitely a little more schizo would be good. Can I get a gif of you guys with that juice scene? Yeah, I want that. The one in the pool. I want the juice sticker. I'll make it, I'll make it. I'll make it happen. It's already been done. Tommy did it. If you look at Tommy's Twitter. Yeah, exactly. Tommy posted on X. Oh, wow. Amazing. But yeah. it's literally just them pumping juice on repeat that's what you want yeah no that's that's what i want this irish i know what i want and i said what i want don't make me get the salt out sorg oh i want to open my camera so badly but uh like i just came from the gym i'm fully pumped pumped up you guys already found your ongoing joke which is kind of like an important thing for an animated series which is just you guys shilling your juice and like remaking it and like retrying a bunch of different recipes and it's always fucking shit you're like guys check out my juice like why why why are you giving us juice again I don't want it I puked last time it gave me a Incredible. Riveting, Kimo. Absolutely riveting. I was surprised seeing that cartoon thing. It was really fucking funny. So I hope there's more episodes coming. That was really cool. If you guys want to know what we're referring to, it's this animation piece that they did. Can we share it? Yeah, share it. Somebody stream it. We'll watch it real quick. Do you want to watch again the animation or do you want to watch the part chilling their juice? I think we watch the whole thing just in case people haven't seen it. It's funny. We wait for people to pop in. It was really good though. Really, really good. Good shit. This office hours probably isn't going to be super long. I think what we're going to do is just go through the workgroup updates and then take audience questions. If you guys want to stream your animation when we get to Juke & Juice, you guys can do that. But yeah, I think let's just kick it off. We'll start with OG. OG, what do you have for us from the Uplink working group? Hey, what's up guys? Okay, nothing crazy. Bounty winners, we did the video memes, basically using like jupe assets kind of. So the winners of those will be sent out probably on Wednesday. I'll have an announcement in Discord. And then Joop will be sent out promptly after that. Working with Clouds and I think the Joop and Juice boys too, we're going to try and get a Twitter workshop going so you can basically learn how to grow everyone's Twitter kind of using the model that we did for Uplink. We essentially had an internal meeting, I want to say like last week, kind of going over a bunch of the guidelines and Sax brought it up in one of our chats and Basically, it was like, hey, we could do something like that externally, essentially. No need to gatekeep that stuff. I think that'll be either Thursday or Friday, depending on the eBridge stuff. Then the DAO newsletter will be coming out later today. Reviewed it with AG. That should be coming out after office hours. And then trying to get something set up actually with our grants program with Ashen, if you guys know who that is. Yeah, I know him. Yeah, he's a content creator. So we'll see what we can cook up with him. And that's kind of the run-of-the-mill updates for Uplink right now. Cool. Yeah, Ashen's great. He makes a bunch of video content these days, I believe. Yeah. He's grown a lot recently, actually, Slugger. I remember when he was like 5K. And he's grown a lot. What is he now? He's like 28 or something like that. Gotcha. Okay, cool. Let's keep going around the clock and let's go to Jupe and Juice. So yeah, guys, what you got for us? We've been busy. Obviously, we've announced the logo bounty recently and we've been getting submissions from the community. Obviously, if you're someone who's interested in that and you're here now and you haven't seen the announcement, it's in the working group announcements. We're looking for community members to submit a Jupe & Juice logo in their own take, you know, whatever they feel represents Jupe & Juice, go for it, make a logo for us. And we'll be looking at them on Thursday's episode of Jupe & Juice, highlighting the people that made them and selecting, I think, three winners. But there's a process. There's going to be a vote and stuff. So we'll be selecting, I think, the top five and then we'll be putting those to a vote and then the top three winners We'll get some dupe from us. And yeah, hopefully the logo is good enough for us to use. But it is what it is. And then what else? We've obviously done the animation that we've put out. So I suppose we'll show that in a sec. Wait, can you share that on your computer? Yeah, let me do that. Yeah, yeah. And yeah, so we've been working on this animation for a while. We didn't really want to put it out there without like a reason to put it out there because we knew it'd be like fun for the community and stuff. So we've had it on iSpy. the animator dog the guy who's like worked with us on it he worked very hard on it for a very long time right and me and him going back and forth on iterations and this and that and so um when he's finished it we wanted it to to give it justice right so we we held it back for a little while because it was like okay let's use it for the 1k mark when Juke & Juice hits 1k almost a month and so right yeah so about a month so we held back on it but he worked on it for about a good month as well to be fair he was actually someone who entered our bounty for the video edit for the video editor job that Satchel ended up getting. He entered for that. Obviously, it didn't really meet our requirements, but what he submitted was a quick short on an OK Bears episode. So, you know, if you look at those timelines, that was a very long time ago. And then when he created a quick short for the OK Bears Juke and Juice with Kai's, We started working with him on this animation straight away and was like, okay, there's something we can do here. There's something we can cook up together. You're not really suited for an editor role, but there's something here for us. And so we worked with him on this and we're going to work with him on future stuff as well. And this is to be continued, as it says. And so, yeah, so I gave him his cat debt role yesterday, but he's someone that's been working with us for months, you know. So just wanted to make that clear to any community members, like maybe thinking, who's this guy? Why has he got cat debt role? You know, people are doing stuff outside of the Discord. He's one of those. So let's, yeah, let's have a little look at that before we move on. Can you make it full screen? Yeah, I'm going to do that. We're also expanding a different tweet format. But we'll touch on that. But is there anyone from the cadet work group here? Not right now. All right, cool. Let me share this. I think Cass just dropped in. Cass is in the chat, but he's at the airport, I believe. Okay. All right, ladies, prepare. Your audio. You guys see that? Okay. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yo, yo, yo, welcome to another wonderful episode of Jupe & Juice. I'm your host, Sax, and with me is... Wake, your favourite co-host on the Best Web 3 podcast. Yo, Sax, what do we have installed for the fans today? We are diving straight into our topics and discussion for today. Don't forget to tune in weekly for more updates on Web 3. Don't forget our upcoming voting event. Every vote counts. Yo, repeat that stuff you just did with your juice straw. Mm, this? *laughs* What do you guys want? What the fork is that? Meow, check this out. Our very own juice. Do you expect me to drink that? Fork you to get the fork out of my office before I call security. Bro, what are we going to do now? Meow totally hates our juice. I don't know. Maybe we just try and make the best pod in Web3. Incredible. It's so good. I don't use the term often, but I would call that just pure unbridled art. It's incredible. As you can tell, we're experimenting a lot and that goes down to, like I mentioned, our tweet formats too. We're trying to cut down on words. We're trying to add timestamps. We're trying to make things much more readable for everybody. So please... Yeah, trying to cut me out of the work group. That's been an issue since the start. We've known that. So, please, guys. The beginning part is like, what shall we do today? And the way Sax is teasing that juice box is crazy. Yeah, that's crazy. I wanted to get... I wanted to do that, but anyways. Please, everybody, give us your unfiltered feedback. on everything we do. And that goes for everyone who's watching on Twitter, everyone who's in the audience. Please give us feedback, even if it's mean, bruh. We want it. My feedback is holla at your boy for sound effects, because I know how to do Foley. I went to school for audio engineering, boy. Let me record some slappy balloons. Hell yeah. This guy seems to really want to comment on the animation or something, so I'm going to let him up prematurely. Rig him up. Rig him up. Yeah, I'm letting you up. Don't make me regret it. You need to accept. Oh, what's up? There he is. What's up, Yashlin? What's up, bro? I want to sing in this space. Okay. Yeah, go for it, man. Thank you, bro. I will sing English song since this is web three. Sure. Let's hear it. Yeah, yeah. Just a minute. One minute. I will sing Justin Bieber baby song. It's my favorite. What is going on? Let's fucking go, guys. Let's go, let's go. Let's go! Let's go! Let's fucking go! Come on, Baba. Let me hear this. Let's go. Let's go. You know you love me. I know you care. Just shawty never hurt. I love you there. You are my love. You are my heart. And we will never, ever, ever be apart. Are we an item? Girl, quit playing. We are just friends, what are you saying? Said there's another look in my eyes My first love, took my heart for the first time And I was like, baby, baby, baby Oh, I'm like, baby, baby, baby No, I'm like, baby, baby I've always been mine, mine. Baby, baby, baby. Oh, like baby, baby, baby. No, like... ♪ Baby, baby, oh ♪ ♪ I thought you'd always been mine ♪ ♪ Mine, not for you ♪ ♪ I want you ever and ever ♪ ♪ And I just can't believe we ain't together ♪ ♪ And I wanna play it cool ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'm losing you ♪ ♪ I'll buy you anything ♪ ♪ I'll buy you any drink ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'm in pieces ♪ ♪ Baby, fix me ♪ ♪ And just shake me till you wake me from this bad dream ♪ I'm going down, down, down, down. And I just can't believe my first love won't be around. I'm like, baby, baby, baby. Oh, like, baby, baby, baby. No, I'm like. Baby, baby, oh, I thought you'd always been mine, mine. Baby, baby, baby, oh, like baby, baby, baby. No, like baby, baby, baby, oh, I thought you'd always been mine, mine. When I was 13, I had my first love. There's no comparison between my baby and me. Oh, ♪ Oh, like baby, baby, baby ♪ ♪ No, like baby, baby, baby ♪ ♪ Oh, I thought you'd always be mine, mine ♪ ♪ Baby, baby, baby ♪ ♪ Oh, like baby, baby, baby ♪ ♪ No, like baby, baby, baby ♪ I thought you'd always be in my mind. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm gone, gone, gone. Now I'm gone. Amazing. Thank you. Thank you so much for sharing that with us. Yeah, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You made Satchel take off his shirt, bro. That's pretty crazy. He's always naked. I think, you know, Juppa Juice, you have the subject of your next animation. Whoa. Oh, wow. Yeah. Audition. I recorded it. You guys recorded it. You got the audio already. Just slap it in there. You have to include him somehow. Yeah. We've got enough to do that. Maybe that's what happens when you drink the juice. Possibly. Featuring Knopf, this is what happens. Or maybe that's a new promo angle. You know, you got him singing for you guys or something. You know, singing for your juice. It's like singing for your supper. But new Jupe & Juice intro song featuring Yash Tin. Featuring Yash Tin. Yeah. I can do this singing every week for this community for entertainment purpose. Like if you guys don't have any problem. I vote, I vote, I vote. Come with another song. Come with another song next week. I look forward to it. Yeah, bro. Every week I will perform a different kind of famous American song because I love American culture, their music, their pop music. Yeah. All right, bro. Let's fucking go. Perfect. Fantastic. See you next week, man. See you next week, Yashton. When will be the next what week? Every Monday at this time. Yes, same time. Thank you. Yes, perfect. Amazing. Okay, bye. Bye-bye. Okay, bye. Back to the point that I was trying to make. Yes, the other thing was, yeah, we're going to be working with Uplink like Organized General said. to do some sort of workshop regarding upping everyone's X game. Like in the community, there's so many people that have obviously a presence on Twitter and there's so many people that are trying to have a presence on Twitter. So we're going to take someone like Clouds who seems to be very, very good at this, somewhat a pro at this and sort of just extrapolate what we can from him and sort of like... up our levels as a community, up our levels as Jupe & Juice. I think it would just be good for everyone. We've been working with Slog in private as well. Maybe you want to come along as well, Slog, and help us out as well. But it's going to be like an X-focused workshop, just upping our X game as a community. So, yeah, we'll be doing that with Uplink. And what else are we up to? In general... In general, we're going to be working more with other work groups too. Meow wants us to do that, so we're going to be pushing that a bit more too. Yeah, I mean, I suppose anything specific on that? Any guests coming out soon? Any guests? Yeah, we have some this week. Let me check our old juicer. This week is Uprock and Gerc. Yeah, so community members. Tomorrow we have... That you'll need to check. I don't remember that off the top of my head. Isn't it too commuting? Oh, wait, no. No, it's not too commuting. Not tomorrow's one. No, it's... The other thing is, I don't know if you've seen our short form content. We're really like reigning back. We've taken your feedback, guys, right? We asked for feedback. We made a very, very animated version of an 8 Pro short in a specific style with a lot of... assets, a lot of animations, transitions, this, that and the other. Really high quality, let's say. And a lot of people were like, this is almost too much. Maybe it needs to be reined back a little bit. Maybe we focus just on the messaging behind the video and stuff. We also got the same feedback from Meow. So on our more recent shorts, we've made them very, very clean, very, very simple, not too much animations, not too much transitions. just very lo-fi, let's say, right? And so we've heard you and we're putting out that kind of content. And the other thing is we're also putting out exclusive, or we're planning to, we've just put one out yesterday, more exclusive content to the Jupyverse community. So if anyone's here, you know like on YouTube you get your front-facing stuff and then you get the guys that are like your Patreons that get exclusive content, right? because they pay to be a patron on YouTube or wherever it may be. Obviously, no one's going to pay for this. But if you're just part of the Jupyverse, you'll get that style, like behind-the-scenes kind of stuff, more long-form, off-the-short. Raw, unedited, mostly. Yeah, unedited, more raw stuff. So there's going to be more exclusive stuff for the Jupyverse. If people are interested, we're going to be sending that into the Jupyverse community. So do join the Jupyverse community if you want to. Yeah, because you're going to get perks, I suppose, from Jeep and Juice side of things anyway. Free paid job. Also, tomorrow we have Toll from Bark Media and Pox, and we have Small Cat from the community. That's who we have, I just remembered. How far in advance do y'all know your weekly slate? of guests uh like a lot and a bit a month and a week yeah about a month and a week okay i got some feedback for you i would personally like promo if you if you know it like a month in advance like you should be promoing that stuff i think like one to two weeks prior to when they come on um because right now it's only what day before i think yeah yeah yeah That's when, in my opinion, you're going to have a lot more run time between when someone knows someone's coming on and when they actually come on it's it's kind of a case of a little bit of catching up on one thing and then a little bit of getting ahead on another but definitely we should definitely be doing i'll give uh i'll give you an example organized general where we've wanted to do it but we haven't been able to for example the nom episode right we didn't get a confirmation from nom he was actually gonna be there till probably i eight hours before. It's like, because these people are super busy, they're like, yeah, yeah, should be fine, should be fine, should be okay. They'll ask us three times over, what day is it again? What day is it again? And it's like, yeah, yeah, should be okay. I'm still okay for it, maybe, but I'll confirm with you, I'll confirm with you. And that can go on up until just before the show, because obviously they're almost trying to keep themselves open to be able to say, sorry guys, we can't make it. Or yeah, I am still coming. So it's like... We couldn't... Even sometimes when we want to do that, we can't. Obviously, when it comes to more obvious... 100% bookings I agree with you but there's always there's always the chance that someone like Noam you just can't do it and for him it would have made more sense than probably most of our guests so it's just finding that balance I suppose but yeah I do I'll definitely take your point maybe we could push harder on getting concrete answers in it like yeah like hard hard confirmations be like hey we want to promo this but just want to make sure that you're able to like i would say 95 percent join yeah because obviously yeah you'll never get 100 percent yeah no that's good feedback thank you man yeah yeah it's definitely good I think we could at least do it from maybe the weekend before. Do you know what I mean? So it's like, let's say it's a Thursday episode. We could probably start from the Friday, Saturday, the week before. Yeah. Because also it's like, if there's a Tuesday episode, we don't want people... Because people will start thinking, oh, are they coming on Tuesday? Are they coming on the Thursday? So it's like, we've... Yeah, we could try and figure it out so we give it more room than just the day before. There's a comms clash there, isn't it? It's like we promo for Tuesday, but what, does that leave us one day to promo for Thursday? Or do we promo them both? Both, yeah. I would say both. Yeah, say we promo them both around that Friday, Saturday for the following week. Yeah, maybe it could be a poster like you see on music shows where it's like, Two days, day one, blah, blah, blah, day two, blah, blah. Yeah. Yeah. That's great. Great feedback. I have to figure that out. I was going to ask too, I guess, like kind of what I brought, what I was trying to get y'all to bring up earlier is maybe it's not confirmed yet, but I know y'all are talking to some specific thread writers too about coming on. Is that too early? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, we're talking to Fabiano that you helped us link up. We're talking to Marino Jussie. Yeah, yeah, Jussie. Well, I mean, it's spelled Jussie, but is that what you like to be called? It's Jussie. It's Jussie. Yeah. Jussie, interesting. Yeah, I always call him Jussie as well. Yes, I mean, some Titan thread writers, to be fair, like those guys, those are a huge, huge guest, to be fair, when it comes to the X-Space and stuff. Solana and stuff so Big W Forgetting them for us And yeah I think we could try and like Big it up through them and about Them as well we could try and like Trial it on their episode Well do we know when they're booked in for No we haven't Booked in a day because he's getting back From his holidays this Wednesday Yeah yeah We've just confirmed that they're going to both Be coming on on the same episode When he gets back we'll get that booked up for them That's going to be interesting yeah Yeah, we're also looking to get community contributors on as well. There's a cool artist that Uplink currently features on their recent tweet where they also featured our bounty, so thanks for that. There's an artist called David Montoya who's done some ink drawings for Jupin Juice and he's also done it for Jupa and Uplink, whatever. So we're going to have him on and... We hope that there's more people out there like him, right? I see them on the feed. We reach out to them all the time. But if there's anyone else here that's like creating bits and pieces, like hit us up and we'll show your stuff. And also there's a lot of shy people. Like we're finding that even with like some big names in the space, they're shy to actually come on Jupiter Juice. And it's like, wow, okay. You know, you're someone with serious amount of followers and you, you know, you're out here doing your thing, but you don't, you don't feel comfortable doing, I mean, one person used the term, I don't feel I deserve it. And I'm very shy. It was so weird. Uh, and so it's like, it's a thing where, yeah, we're literally nobody. So it's a thing where we want you guys to come on and we'll accommodate and figure out how we can make it easy for you. Right. So like, like we're doing, and we've mentioned this in the past, we're getting people in the studio recording with them privately, uh, and not doing it on Duperduce, but it's still going out as, you know, Duperduce content on the Duperduce X. And it's, you know, it's like reaching a lot of people. And so it's just a very relaxed version of, of doing something that is a bit more daunting so it just be me and wake or even it's been Irish sometimes just Irish alone or you know me alone or wake alone and it's just like a conversation and you've got your camera on or you've got your camera off it's really down to to your preference it's just made easy for community members to share their passion and their stories and you know their talents and so yeah just be open to having that conversation with us if if you ever feel you want to share we're out here actively looking for you and if you know where we are you know so just uh just go come in the j and j channel and hit us up we're always ready to do this everybody deserves the stage everybody in here deserves the stage so yeah maybe yashin we can do a song with you um for jupin juice yeah top 10 chart bangers yeah this is But yeah, that's it. I think that's it, really. And all the videos are up on YouTube and stuff. We're going to announce it today. It keeps getting prolonged because there's other announcements. There's the bounty announcement and the 1K announcement. It was supposed to happen on Saturday, but then we had two different announcements. And we know that people don't want us announcing too much stuff in one day. So we're trying to limit ourselves using our... at capabilities so yeah yes we should be announcing the youtube today but it's up already yeah it's been up since friday i think so yeah that's it for jupin juice this week for the youtube are you guys just like reposting your content the existing content are you making youtube specific content uh, currently we're just uploading our existing content and what's coming up, uh, the new stuff, but we do have, uh, we want to make like a YouTube introductory video, uh, which would be like YouTube specific. And then we have things in mind where we kind of like, okay, what can we do? But X is really our primary focus. Uh, and then we will start I think looking at other things but we don't want to get too you know you've heard us speak slogan the things that we're like planning to do it might be too much too quickly we are still a trial working group and we can't go crazy you know even the animation and stuff it's like we're going to end up stretching ourselves too thin trying to do everything and then the content the quality would probably reduce and we don't want that to happen either so it's us finding the balance but yeah there is gonna be youtube specific stuff but not probably in the frequency that we do uh extra yeah i like to add something on this about how we posted stuff so the old previous episodes that happened uh we cleaned them up the sound quality and like we got the first five minutes of uh We're waiting for the live podcast. And after that, when we enabled live on YouTube, we're not editing them. We're just fixing the thumbnail and putting up the description and have a really nice title to have an archive on YouTube of all previous episodes. And plus we stick to YouTube and having YouTube for a really good reason, which is notification. Because X is bad with notifying people that somebody is live. But on YouTube, if you have the bell on it, it notifies people on their phones that Jupe & Juice is live. It says it's so clear. While on X, if you put the bell, it's just someone posted something or something. ex-Jupiter posted posts or something. So the notification is not so clear. On YouTube, it's much better. Okay. Yeah, sounds good to me. I think the most important thing for you guys is just to get your Twitter to 5K first. I think that's a pretty good goal because then you'll have a pretty solid distribution base. Yeah, I agree totally. I think that is really our primary focus to get JupyterJuice to... So 5k or as close as to 5k as we can in this trial period and so that's our primary focus. We do have like also Spotify in mind and we're working with Uplink to make that look cohesive and like sort that like there's a problem with actually having profiles, separate profiles and trying to have like an overarching profile it's not possible so our stuff will have to go on the Juba exchange Spotify and it's just terrible Spotify isn't great at all but we're figuring it out and we're going to make it look good and stuff so we're working on that as well for those who care about the Spotify side of things but X is our primary focus let's get to 5k okay yeah Yes, so for the rest of this office hours, I think we're just going to go through our updates and then we'll open it up to audience questions at the very end. So. This week and the next upcoming weeks, I would say we're primarily focused on the work group grant system. There's been a decent amount of interest so far from the DAO. I think there's about like 14 to 18 groups who have expressed some varying degree of interest. And we're in the process of helping those out right now, offering them mentorship. It's really simple. We simplified the system a little bit from the original Joop research post. It's basically it says it right there. Do stuff and we will support you. Even the Jupiter team has offered like substantial support at this time as well. yeah just just pick something up and run with it uh we're gonna offer more resources this week like we're building something on jupeco for example that lets you see ongoing initiatives in the dow if you want to join up with anyone else uh we're also going to add we're going to add the summary from the bounty that we solicited that where everyone posted their ideas and we're going to start doing more direct call to actions for certain groups and stuff so yeah over the next week just stay tuned we're going to post more resources and ideas to help you get along but uh definitely i would say it's worthwhile based on how much support is being offered from both the team and the dow at this time uh yeah morton would you add anything Oh, Morten, are you shy? Yeah, I was muted. No, I think honestly you covered it pretty well. Only thing I will repeat is that if anyone has any burning questions or have some grant ideas they want to discuss, just DM me and we'll connect further. Yeah, Morten would you add anything? Yeah, if you want a mentorship session just feel free to reach out to Morten, Seb or I or Kimo. Well there's quite a bunch of people who are in the process right now, right Slork? How many are there? There's about like 14 to 18 groups who have approached us. We still have to book like calls with about like five or six of them, I think. But there's about four or five, I would say, that are pretty well along their way to receiving a grant. Yeah, it looks pretty good. It's going to be fun to see where we're at by the end of the year. For sure. but yeah that's the major thing that we're currently spearheading uh i think now we can go to the audience questions so guys if you have any questions for any of the groups up here or if you want to just hop on the mic and ask something feel free to do so now okay let's see uh there's one guy who wants to come up me me me tech me tech i'm gonna let you up Okay, but while we wait for METEC, if there's anyone else who wants to come up and ask a question or just have us yap about any topic in general, definitely feel free to do so now. Yeah, you can post questions in the chat for sure. Yeah, go right ahead. If you want to post a question in the chat, definitely do that. Okay, looks like we have one question that's being worked on. I guess while we wait, I have a question of my own for everyone up here, but like what sort of work groups would you guys want to see? You know what? I have seven. I have seven ideas. Can I say one of your ideas, Timo? Can I say one of your ideas? Yeah, but then I'll only have six. It's not my idea, but in the Planetside chat, you brought up this kind of esports team or something as such. I thought that sounded really fun. There's a lot of people in the community that likes the game, right? I think even beyond that, go headhunt some world-class players. You know of some homies who are world-class or whatever? Let's get Jupiter competing in esports. Why not? All they really need is sponsorship. Let's get an esports group team. You sound manic. I want it. I mean, we got a week. Top 500 Overwatch. You know, we already got one. You were top global top 500 week. Yeah. for a long time yeah yeah and then yeah we also have satchel who was like top what in pubg you're top like 50 or something i was top second top second in the world wow in europe actually europe europe in pubg the first one is unfair i should be the first but the first one is a hacker the number doesn't make make up also you was number one you were the number one how are you so good at video games guys i've been playing video back in the days back in the day i played shoes a lot but obviously Did you say you played PUBG since you were six? Like, how old are you? No, video games in general. Oh, geez. It's like, wait a minute. Isn't that like six years old? Are you 12, Satchel? Actually, tomorrow is my birthday. I'll be 13. I am 12. Yeah, I think esports working group. I think... uh, Waken Sax just inspired another one. I think that Animator and, uh, like, if we could scale that up to, like, putting out one every week, that would be crazy! Uh, and also potentially, definitely optional for groups. That would be neat. Yeah. Those are the two big ones. I had a design working group. Your local advertisement here, if you are a designer. We need more designers. Everybody needs logos. Everybody needs graphics. We really need more. We need more designers. Motion graphics. Yeah, we need more tweets. We need more motion graphics and stuff. Everybody needs logos. Everybody needs all that stuff. We need branding. Everybody needs shit. Everybody needs shit made. And I am one man. And... and we also need some somebody who cares of uh of audios and stuff like sounds music custom music sound effects yeah yeah sound engineers oh god i'll have to start teaching foley classes those would be fun i could i mean i could teach everybody audio engineering i went to school for it and i just worked i would love to i would love to watch a work uh a workshop about this sound engineering yeah yeah I mean, I taught classes. I went to college for it, but I taught all the audio engineering shit to myself when I was like 14, 13, all the way through high school. I skipped classes, and it's just like learning audio engineering. And then I went to college for it, and they're like, well, you already know all this shit. And so I started teaching the classes. Easy, easy. Easy, keep up. That's how you boss your way through a subject. This is a weird, weird roundabout circle of life thing, I guess. Yeah, I could do that. Yeah. Definitely can start teaching those, but then we need more animations. It's not that hard. You just grab a balloon and slap it on a cutting board or things like that. It fully is a weird process. It looks like we have a community member who came up. So add Damala joke. I think it's Abed Mola joke. Oh, thank you. Yeah. I am yeah all right hello again um Yeah, hello again. So, yeah, we spoke about this yesterday and yeah, I just thought to let the house know again about my intention for the design working group. I'm really excited about the opportunity. So it's something that I've done before with Super Team Nigeria. I helped set up the guild, design guild, onboarding over to some members and I also worked on the branding team. the one that you're seeing on the current um subas in nigeria's um space so i'm just excited to contribute my um expertise and i thought to just let your house know once again thank you incredible i've accepted your friend requests so then we'll sidebar and we'll chat about that can you show us some stuff yeah yeah let's see your stuff yeah share in the show me what you got okay you want me to share my screen yeah yeah yeah yeah sure All right, let me go. Okay, let me get my portfolio. The thing I would say about grants and work groups is it's an amazing opportunity for you because if you think of someone who has incredible animation skills, like I don't know if you know him, but Dr. PP, he was doing a bunch of the Jupiter animations for a while. His Twitter account's only like 2, 3K, right? So you can have immense talent, but it's going to be rough for you to get off the ground with that distribution. And I think that's something that Jupiter can really give you if you're aligned with the Jupiterverse. Yes. I'm seeing in the chat that people might be... Sorry, go ahead. I was just going to yap. So, yeah, you mentioned Dr. Pipi. I actually know him. I follow him. I'm a fan of his work as well. That designer, OX designer, these are people that I follow their work closely, so I wanted to see you. So, let me just get the link for my... You may continue, Kim. Yeah, you can DM it to me if you can't put it in the chat. I accepted your friend request. Yeah, really quick while we do that. I know another thing Meow has been super keen on is product guides or product demos. And he said they don't even have to be super, super crazy high quality, just functional. Lo-fi is perfectly acceptable. I don't think you guys know how hard the team and the DAO wants to go for people who pick up stuff and do stuff. The team is crazy over this. Yeah, do stuff and then you'll get support. It's like cat. Face my screen. It's not loading for me, but okay. It's too high quality for my shitty computer, so I can't see it. It's not loading for me. You're using your phone to share screen? No, I'm using my laptop to share my screen. Reduce the resolution. Maybe you're above 1080p. I mean, the display is fine for me. It's because you have a-- OK, OK. He's flexing. He's flexing his internet. He's just bragging about his dot speed internet. Oh, here we go. I see my screen. Which link? That's the portfolio. I think Morten shared portfolio. Yeah. Yeah, the chats. Slurg, what was your intention here of sharing the full link and then not doing the full link? That is the full link. Oh, here we go. There you go. Good slug. Good slug. Slurg is slurging. Okay, share with us your portfolio, please. Okay, so can you see it? I'm already sharing my screen. All right, so these are case studies from my Web 2 project. The one that I did for Web 3, I have not put it up yet. It's like a block right here. And for Superstition Nigeria, I redesigned the website, ng.superstition.org. well let me just quickly walk you through this um it's an influencer marketing platform ready for a web 2 company so um our more initial was research and solving business problems although i still have experience with uid experience branding as well so um this particular project was having customer chon uh in november 2017 i was hired to come solve that problem so this was my role and the challenge um When I carried out the user research through focus groups, I found that the problem was generic onboarding. And I tried to solve that here, providing like a niche onboarding experience for advertisers and for influencers that are coming. Then the second problem I noticed was poor feedback loop. And this was just a generic dashboard for both business and influencers. So I solved this by... designing a comprehensive dashboard for this you can see the the performance overview you can see total experience you can see the campaign scripted total shares you can see impressions and you can see the product details you can see the location that was reached as well Then this way my processes, I conducted a competitor's analysis. I looked at what other companies are doing. Of course, these are big companies in Europe and in America. So I looked at LTK, I looked at Maverick, I looked at Green. And then I brought out the unique value proposition for each of them, the company advantages and disadvantages. Then I did a user flow. This was to ease the user experience from start to when they log in to where they select their type of person, whether they are an influencer or they are... an advertiser up to the end where they drop off and yeah that's basically and then for results I got this outcome so churn was reduced and there was increase in revenue by 25% and then There was also improvements for business owners on their campaign success rates. So from my learnings, I was able to learn about Agile, about collaborating with teams. I worked hand in hand with the marketing personnel on the project. So yeah, that's it. And I can show the branding that I worked on for Super Simulantri. Let me quickly get the link. I don't know if that's going to take too much time from you people. No, it's great. I like it. To be honest, I can't see the shared screen. The link's in the chat. That's the website? Yeah, exactly. That's all I wanted. The link, we can actually jump into the portfolio. All right, all right, all right. I'll do that on the chat right now. And thank you for the opportunity. Sorry, I didn't get what you said. I was saying Slork posted the link. We can see it. It's good. Okay. Okay. All right. Thank you. I would say just set up a meeting with Kimo for a mentor session. We can give you some feedback on how to proceed. That's the plan. Thank you. I appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. Any other audience questions or inquiries at this time? Okay. Yeah, it doesn't seem to be anything then. But yeah, we'll get some more grant-related resources out to help people think of things that are in demand over the next week or two. Oh, yeah, yeah. That's it for now. And once again, as always, thank you guys for coming out to these. And we will see you next time. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow.