of cool work people are doing for through the uplink grantee program behind the scenes because a lot of the time it's like they just you know release their content to their own Twitter or something you have no idea that it's even you know uplink sponsored so I think shine a light on some of that stuff too is kind of part of our goal there and did the content workshop with clouds right after that. I think that went well. I think he's going to, I think he's an audience, but I think he said he wants to do those every two weeks as well. So expect more of those. And then we're going to host a spaces after Jupe rally tomorrow. Hopefully it doesn't get delayed again, but yeah, We'll do a Spaces, I think 1:00 AM UTC through the Uplink Twitter. So that's the goal there. And then we will announce the product demo bounties today as well. There's a lot of good submissions there and we'll get those paid out too. And then Instagram set to launch this week as well. So stay tuned for announcement there. I don't want to release the username yet, but once we do our first post, I will announce it in Discord and on Twitter. That was it. Yeah, I guess Sultone asked, how are the other fronts coming? I know you guys were at one point working on TikTok, Instagram, and I think maybe one other. Have those pursuits realized? Yeah, TikTok is still in the works. I found someone that's going to create content for it and manage it. So I'm going to be meeting with them later today to get it set up. But it's going to take them some time to get content rolling for that before we can go live with it. I mean, it's already live technically, but before we start promoting it, I would say. If you need any help in TikTok content, I can... Satchel does male thirst traps on TikTok. That's why he's so good at it. No, he actually does have a TikTok background, though. I saw the channel he made with his friends and it was pretty big. He really does. Yeah, once he goes live, feel free to give some feedback. You've got to take your shirts off, though, if you want to. Yeah, that's the only issue. I tried to say that, but, you know. - How about regulation? - Engagement. - Just 60 year old moms all following him. - I don't know. - You can't believe how much, you can't believe. - Do we need to get an HR work group involved here? - Yes. - Beer. - Beer, probably. - Yeah. - Let's keep going around the clock here to Cass and Rolex from the Hogwarts group. So guys, what you got for us? Hey guys. What's up? Cool. Yeah, it's been good. It's been a great week. Um, Rolex. It's been good. We had an awesome week of PPP hours again this week, so that was great. We expanded the Jupyverse more to Twitter and Reddit, so we added 20 new cat debts, which is pretty cool from Twitter and Reddit, so that's really great. We've got over 4,500 followers on X, which is really great. We're working really hard to get up to 5K by the end of the month. That's the next stage. so 5k by the end of the month is a goal and I think we can do it. Like I, I, I, I think we're getting close. I think we'll, I think we'll get there. Um, let's see what else. Uh, Oh, we initially released content control on Reddit, so we're working a little bit harder to get it a little bit more moderated. So they added a filter to that. I think that will be a little bit slow rolling at first. So if you're posting on Reddit, it might take a little bit of time to get a post through. But also send us a DM if you ever have an issue with that. So we're working on trying to moderate that. Also, it looks like Opaq's worked on setting up a live chat beta for the subreddit. I don't know details on that, but I think that's coming soon. Other stuff. We've been cooking. We've been having a good week. It's been fun. We had another grant that we're getting close to announcing, but we only have the CWG to announce. But, yep, another grant's coming soon. There's another COC vote that was successful. Yeah, it's been great. Really fun. Almost 5K is damn good work, boys. Almost 5K, yeah, I'm excited. It hasn't been a long time where you've been really focusing on the Twitter, right? So that turnaround time is, that's a banger, bro. You guys' engagement is a book as well. Thank you, sir. Yeah, shout out OPAX for helping us get our art together because it's been awesome. We've been really locking in on the art and been really fun. Also Adata. Adata has been helping us a lot. We had a couple meetings with her this week. I met with her yesterday and then I know Cole LaVoy has met with her today. Yeah. I was at DeFi Joop Jam during that time. So we also had a DeFi Joop Jam session this week with Julian was on that. But yeah, data has been really helping us. We have a new font, a new brand kit. I think you guys saw some of that, but we refined that a little bit more this week and we're all kind of trying to get updated on Figma and get better at Figma. So that's been really cool. Yeah, Rolex, other stuff you wanted to mention? No, I was just going to say we've been really trying to dial in Twitter and getting that kind of presence and grow that. So yeah, But Opaqs has been like a legend at helping us get like the right prompt down and kind of like guide and direct us. So shout out to Opaqs. It really shows on Twitter, dude. I keep scrolling through your feed from here and there. It's just good, man. And you also reply guying as well. And I don't see Dupedow doing it. Slorg? Uh-oh. Oh, yeah. I thought there was like a take on that, right, Slorg? Is there a reason behind that? I'm curious. You have some alpha. What do you mean? reply going from cheap dial yeah i do it sometimes um for like to amplify a post it's not like i'm scrolling the timeline on it regularly though so it is done strategically okay but yeah you guys are doing a good job on the three different platforms that we have the reddit the discord and the twitter i think you're probably the only group who's like very hard on all three and it's i think you guys are doing a really good job at that and especially with funneling cadets from all three now because it used to be only Discord, but now you can funnel anyone who's active on any of the platforms. I have a question, though. Is there any cadet who's only active on the Reddit, for example? Yes, I think so. I'm pretty sure, or at least... primarily like 98% yeah we still bring them all into the discord to actually give the cadet role so the cadet role is still a role in discord but then it populates to our site so like the onboarding process is basically like hit someone up who we think deserves the role be like hey we think you're right for this here's the process, and we get them into the Discord. We try to get them deeper into the DAO. We've had some accounts where we're like, hey, you're really popular on X, and we appreciate all your work, or you're bringing lots to Joob on the X, so we want to bring you deeper into the DAO to help out on the other side of things. So that's been kind of successful. But yeah, I think we have had a couple come directly from Twitter, maybe four or five that I can think of. But I think we're above 20 now. So it's been a pretty solid list. And we've hit up more. So we probably still have a few more that will come through. Yeah, man, I love the Reddit. I'm starting to participate more and more there myself. So it's just a really nice vibe there. It's managed very well too. It's hella impressive. It's hella impressive that you found people on Reddit that don't know about the Discord and have funneled them. That's hella impressive, bro. Yeah, OPEX has been really running that. I know EZ has been super deep on that too recently. OPEX and EZ have been really heading that up, especially OPEX. I think it's going really well. I'm really excited about it. I think it is cool. I was surprised. I think I've said this before, but the biggest switch I've noticed is the Reddit becoming more organic. That's been kind of very night and day where it went from being kind of very manufactured feeling to being... something where people will actually come to for organic questions and stuff. And so the next goal in my mind, and this is something that I've been thinking about a lot, is like, I'd love to see our Reddit kind of start showing up when people look up random questions on Google. Because like, for example, whenever I have a question that needs to be answered, I'll Google it. So I wonder if like JoopExchange stuff, like questions can be answered through Reddit as well. So I'm looking forward to like, kind of having more of that organic conversion. I guess I have a question because there is technically a fourth platform we use, the research forum. Is there a way to give someone like a flare or like a special like indicator of cadetness on that as well? That's a good question. We've talked about it. We haven't. settled on anything yet, but I think especially as we kind of, um, deepen our, like, uh, like the right now the focus is Twitter and Reddit, but I, we've talked about, I think we'll probably have some kind of function for that down the line. Um, especially when we kind of expand the website and whatever it might come from that. Um, And then, but, but it's not, it's not finalized. Yes. That is a good question. And really we probably should have a dupe research like box on the site as well. Cause you can connect your telegram and connect your writing, connect your Twitter. You should also be able to connect your dupe research to that. So we probably could do that somehow. Yeah. That's a good question. I think also if someone is like super deep in there, but not super deep in the Reddit or Twitter or no super deep in deeper research, but not super deep in discord. If anyone sees them, just reach out to us like COCs especially. And we'll look into getting them that role somehow. But nothing officially yet. Yeah. Okay, cool. Good updates. Let's go to. If anyone wants to see, just reach out to us, like COCs especially. We've been cooking, boys. Sax is on camera. Looks like he's rocked and ready to chop the apple. Probably not. So, yeah, man, we've been playing around with some new formats. You guys may have noticed on the feed, like we've been trying new formats for more or less everything we've been doing, including granular things like refining value props in tweets. This is something that I've been like, Trying to learn more. Slogs help there. The boys in the team have also helped as well. It's like turning a tweet from a descriptor into a motivator to consume the content. And it's harder than it sounds, making something that may not be an emotional hook to somebody seem like it's an emotional hook to somebody. So that's been fun. Yeah. Check out our tweets and see what you think. Yeah. We also discussed last office hours regarding the, like we're trying to give value with our content, right? And try and like fill holes in the gaps where we can find them within the DAO as well and like, you know, help out kind of vibe. So, but also obviously the podcast has been our primary thing in terms of content. Then we've been making shorts off of that. Sometimes they've come across a bit too, you know, like we put a lot out there. So we'd like trying to really refine what we put out. Wake done a couple of threads last week. One of them was regarding like the bull run mistakes and, because right now, you know, people are getting excited about us being in a bull run or heading towards a bull run and there's like some common mistakes that people make. So we focused on that. There's been meme coin ones we've done and stuff. There was the Duke rally one we've done on the weekend. And so there's like, we're trying to put out more threads, not just like video content, but with the video content itself, we want to put out stuff that will bring value to you guys rather than just watching stuff that maybe you already know or it's not as hard hitting. So there was an idea that we came up with in terms of the gaps. There's no one really doing a condensed, concise video of like weekly updates for news. So we put that out for the first time today. So we worked with AEG. He helped us out because he writes the weekly newsletter for the DAO. So we wanted to put stuff about the DAO, about the Jupyverse and a little bit peripheral stuff as well. So it's, you know, it's web free encompassing, but mainly Jupyverse stuff. And so shall we share that video? Yeah. if anyone hasn't seen it do we have like two minutes in this spiel to share a full video yeah yeah screen it okay I've put it I've put it in the chat if anyone wants to go and interact with it I think it's probably a better way to do it is actually go and interact with it you guys can like it and retweet it and whatever else put comments in if you don't like it you can tell us it's crap If you like it, tell us why, whatever. So it's there, but I will share. How do you share screen on this mode? Share screen. Okay, cool. I'll share screen it as well, but do go into the chat and interact. That helps. Let me get a share screen going. Do you want me to do the share screen? No, I'm doing it now. I like the format and I think the amount of engagement you got on it reflects that as well. This is really good. Satchel, dude. This is awesome. Let me stop mine. Everyone go to Satchel's one. It's going to be better. Are you ready, guys? Yeah. Go to Satchel. This is a no cap recap where we cover the Jupeverse news in under one minute. Let's spill the juice. Joe from the Ape team spoke to Ansem to test his mean coin knowledge. Meanwhile, Mitch, he completed a 10 sold to $1 million challenge using Ape Pro. Check out Ape Pro Twitter for more. The first ever Jupe mobile vote is live. Vote for the background you like the most and earn some Jupe. Remember, voting closes November 20th at 5pm. 4pm UTC. Head to vote.dupe.ag and vote now. Wait, that's today. It's **** go. Rally goes live 3.30 p.m. UTC. Last week on Jupe & Juice, we spoke to Fabiano and Jesse, two content creators on Solana, and Alex from Dbridge, Solana's leading bridge. Android users, listen up. The Jupyter app is finally launching, and you can get early access. Look out for AG's weekly newsletter. It's every Monday around 6 to 7 p.m. UTC on Jupyter's DAO app. Big shout out to the DAO's ex-interns, the CWG. It recently hit 30k. Let's grow the GPverse together. OG and Will from Ublink hosted the first ever Grantee Spotlight on X. Check out their Twitter for more. And some big news for NFT enjoyers. Magic Eden's Tokens Tokonomics is set to release today. That's it for this week's No Cap Recap. See you on the next one. See you on the next one. Obviously, elephant in the room. Duke Valley got moved again. So obviously the news is slight, but we put a disclaimer in the comments and explained everything that is happening tomorrow now. But yeah, we put it out like an hour just before that news was broken to us anyway. So... something we learned from it that we should double check before we put that post button because we could have probably amended that and it would have been accurate but that's that's all part of the process so yeah so we did that like we promised last week is something that we'd be doing So let us know if you'd like it, if it's something that's bringing value to community members. You know, the whole point is if you ain't been around for a week, it should kind of catch you up on what's going on. And we haven't shared it to anybody because we wanted to let it sit in its natural environment without any push up until this point. so we can see what it can achieve on its own little baby feedback so please go share it and get it out so we can get a wider pool of feedback on it I really liked it my one small critique is like Wake's voice is a little bit monotone on his parts but that's just with time No, no, I totally agree. We like, because the thing is, it's like me and Satchel really went for this like adrenaline type vibe. We spoke about it yesterday anyway, but it was a thing where we still wanted to put it out to see if that's the feedback that we got, right? And so it's like, because that was Wake's like fourth or fifth take because he had some issues with his audio and this and that and the other. So it was like, okay, cool. And this is like 3 a.m. yesterday. I started on the script at like 10 a.m. And we didn't get the recording done till 3am at night. Right. So it's something we, you know, had worked on for hours. It was like 6am till he, you know, till he walked away. So it's like, For us, even though it's like a one-minute clip, that's a lot of time and effort that goes into it. Also, we had the support of AG's newsletter, right? If we didn't have that, it would have started weeks, you know, it would have started, not weeks, but started days before where we would have started collecting all the stuff AG collected. So, yeah, anyway so you know people see a one minute clip and think oh that takes one minute to make or or maybe an hour but it actually took us a whole fucking excuse my language but a whole day and and i didn't want to make wake do it over and over again even though that was the response but yeah it's good yeah it's like this is like yeah it's like we're up here and then we're down here then we're down here so we kind of need to try and keep it there yeah but It's the whole purpose of this kind of... You can do that. Just be like 10% less. I'm saying keep the 90 just like 10% less. That's good. Alright. Good feedback. Can we roast Sax now, please? Yeah, tell me. Was I too much? You were too handsome is my one thing. Let me dumb that down a bit. You guys watch the video right now. Just give me, like after the office hours, I'm going to post the bloopers of these guys of how hard was it for them to record this. You're going to fucking die of laughter. Yeah. That was the one thing that threw me off. You're going to die from laughing. I laughed so hard. Because, you know, the process of recording this, it's scripted. So it's very easy. You just read the script, look in the camera and say it. It was so hard for them. It's their native language and it was so hard for them to do it. Each and every one. Over 15 to 18 minutes recording of this and like, oh, shit, fuck. Say it again. The video is going to be hilarious. I challenge anybody here to try it. Just give it a shot. It's a genuine skill and that's why it's just going to take you guys a couple to get perfect. But it was good. It was good for sure. Are you guys talking about this news update? Yeah. One thing I really appreciated about that was that it was one minute. I was like, yes! It was really good because there's this guy who I think is in the Uplink working groups Seb Montgomery and he does this very short like kind of news updates and I'm a busy guy so I always appreciate that sort of length of videos you just watch it for a minute you get whatever you need yeah so I thought that was really good it's a good strategy it's a good strategy yeah so you hopefully everyone likes them and we'll be doing more and yeah just like getting better at it I suppose because it's it was hard and it was you know Satchel will obviously be spilling the freaking all the back scenes stuff like he's obviously Dr. Evil fucking creating it now but it is what it is I don't want people to see it because it was bad bro it was real bad but that's the perks of working in public everybody has to know what we're doing in the background I'm sorry my guy facial expression switches when I got a line wrong I'd be like okay smiling camera and then I'd get a line wrong and then my face would go instant deadpan like a serial killer it's not a good look my question I have is Are you guys bringing Irish on to it too? Yeah so Irish yesterday was not reachable for some reason Sunday's a day off right it's like technically he's supposed to be taking a breather that day so it's fair play to him he wasn't reachable but ideally all of us were supposed to be in this video but yeah like it was what it was so we still had to put it out because Monday's the deadline so if one of us goes missing the other three should be there if two of us goes missing the other two should be there but the ideal scenario is all four of us would be in it it's something we want to experiment you know like if I was going to do it all by myself actually like I was actually going to do it all by myself but we realised actually that's not fucking that's not possible because it's just too much to do so we teamed together and done it together and It was going to be one person each week, right? So it would have been me this week. It would have been Wake next week, Satchel. So in a month, it would be all of us. But now we're kind of like, let's share the load and all do it all in one go together. Yeah, I think it's more fun that way anyways. I think it looks cool. Yeah. But yeah. sex could you dm me the because i know you know how to do this now but can you dm me the watch through rate for this one i'd be very curious to see it also you guys don't mind i posted you guys to the reddit i'm gonna try to post more to the reddit and this seemed relevant at the time so yeah yeah that's cool why not maybe that's something we should try and do as well i think we've done that way couldn't you've been doing bits of it yeah i've been doing bits of it But not a lot. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, so that's Jupe & Juice for this week. Who we got on Tuesday was going to be cancelled, actually, because the rally's now moved to tomorrow. So that would actually be at the same time as Jupe & Juice. And that's something we're not going to do, right? We're not doing Jupe & Juice when there's a big Jupe event. So we've spoke to our guests. We've moved them. It was going to be Stable and who else, Irish? Stable and... Maximus. community member yeah Maximus so Stable and Maximus have been moved and so Jupe and Juice won't happen obviously the Riot will be there at the rally with everyone else that's the most important Thursday is still chemo 7 southern yeah nice so we'll be doing that on Thursday that's the vibes yeah what's the usual time on Tuesdays for Jupe and Juice 3.30pm UTC yeah We also want to experiment with that, actually. Maybe we discuss that. Most of our followers are in the US, right? So it feels a bit silly that we go so early because it's all right for Europe and Asia, but for the US, who is like our biggest follower count, it's not actually probably... We're excluding them all, boys. We're literally excluding them all. So, I mean... We probably experiment with that. It's just that we've got so much bookings going ahead that we're kind of locked into those times now because we've kind of promised that time slot to people. But we will experiment with that moving forward, try and go later for the US audience and stuff to see how that reflects in analytics and stuff. But yeah, that's it. I think that's it. Anyway, for now, do we have more? Thank you, boys. Thank you. Love to hear the progress. Yeah. Yay. Okay, then yeah, the CWG will give our updates and then we'll go to audience questions. So there's two major things I would say. The first of which is we've been making further strides on the grants with CAS and the other CATA group members as well. In fact, I guess this will be the first time it's been publicly announced, but the fourth grant has been passed. Liam, you have gotten the grant, so we'll get you situated with that. Let me know if you want to come up and say a couple things. If not, that's cool. You can chill in the audience there. We have about four more who I would say are ready to go to the vote, and then two more we're kind of troubleshooting as well. So there's going to be quite a bit of grants between now and the end of the year that we're we're setting up. In addition, I'd say the current grantees, Juicy Fabiano, Preball, and Miria's group, DeFi Juke Jam, are doing fucking excellently, if I do say so myself. So I'm very pleased with how the system is going, and I hope we can just continue to double down on excellent candidates like we have so far. Yeah, Miria and DeFi Juke Jam is a vibe. Yeah, I was just about to say that. They're doing great, DeFi Juke Jam. It's awesome. It was funny the other day, they were like, how do we get better engagement? I was like, guys, you guys are getting freaking phenomenal engagement for your size. Yeah. I also love what you think they do as well. This looks really good. If we were to glean knowledge out of that, another example is the CWG, C-A-W-G and DeFi Doocham. What is the recipe that they're using? Their branding is excellent. I would say their branding is excellent. I'm going to get their Twitter and share it in the chat for you boys and girls. Yeah, they've grown really fast too, 542 already. Yeah, they're also doing the thread strategy I told you guys because threads grow you the fastest of any content when you're smaller. And they've been putting out a few content pieces like they put out one on the token list the other week. Yeah, in addition to the branding being pretty solid. But, Akima, I think you in particular were a big fan of their branding, right? Yeah, yeah, I like it a lot. It's very good. I don't know if you guys saw this. Plink just posted a little TubeMobile tweet. Yeah, I like the TubeMobile tweet they did. What's good about their branding? Sorry to... You're the expert. I'm just a layman, so you probably have better, more articulate... Is it on the colorway? Consistent colorway? Yeah. Consistent colorway, they have a unique character that they're using across their stuff. It's easily recognizable. And I would say it's just like highly consistent is the most important thing. And it's, yeah, that's pretty much it, right? Like if I paste this in here. you find a bunch of things that are like real quick. One thing I saw them doing today in the stream was they put this little character on the bottom right corner. That was really cool to see. That is changing emotions. It's like emojis, but it's the same character interacting with the community somewhat as the viewers. Yeah, exactly. It's just super consistent. There are things that I change about some of this, but as long as it's consistent and denotes some sort of specific you know like they know what they're doing basically like I don't necessarily like the font I don't necessarily like the individual colors or whatever I do like the colors but you know what I mean like it's not any one thing it's just this consistency that's very good and you can tell exactly where it's coming from within seconds of looking at an image which is quite rare so like finding that is difficult yeah Do you think that's because of the vibrancy? Like it's so attention grabbing and like vibrant. No, it doesn't necessarily have to be the vibrancy, right? Because if I post something from the JukeDAO account or whatever, but you can tell usually when I've made a mid-journey image or something that uses the DAO prompt and that's not necessarily vibrancy, it's just consistency. Yeah. Fair. Yeah. Consistency and figuring out like how to stick within that is important to a certain degree. And I think you guys are getting there in terms of doing like the, I think the black and white with the glow is a great way to do it. You can workshop that if you want. I kind of have a vision for it now that you have landed on some similar, similar idea. That'd be awesome. Yeah, that'd be sick. Yeah, I can do that. We're getting there boys. We're getting there. We're all growing. All the little, the black and white and, yeah the black and white and glow or it's very similar to radiant stuff which is black and white and yellow with glow um so you could like take that as somewhat of a relative nod by the way i use glow on some things let me see if i can find something real handy in a sec oh because it's like three colors Yeah, I like how in general, imagine where we all started as DAO content. Like, look at where we all started as a DAO creating content. Now look at where we all are now. We're all improved. So we've got a long way to go. Don't get it twisted. Damn, haven't we improved. I mean, Satch was wearing a shirt, bro. That's crazy. That's crazy. Yeah, like I'll just paste a bunch of my Radiance images in the chat and you can kind of see what content looks like for that, which is just black and white and a glow. One sec. Okay. Random clicks. Okay, yeah. Oh, you can hear that? That's like an airplane. That's pretty far away. I don't know how you're hearing that. What? You can hear an airplane? Mm-hmm. That's some good inspiration. Thanks for sharing that, Kimo. I can even send you these if you just want to. They're useful for thread stuff. Yeah, definitely. You could just revamp these and swap them around. If I was to just... Here, I'll select these real quick. Where are you making these, Kimo? Are you making these in Figma? Yeah, these are all in Figma. So if I change... Let's see if I change this to like a... Yeah, these graphics are cool. Like, yeah, true. Like for threads and stuff, like, cause we're doing a lot of imagery type graphics. Yeah. This would work. And what you want is something that's pretty easy. Yeah. Right. You don't want something that's too complicated. and like it's not reproducible uh it's also true it's also tricky as well because like we're jupin juice we're not right cute cats though we obviously do include cute cats in some pieces we're just like four dudes we're just four old dudes with beards like we're not right so it's like how we find the balance between us jupiter branding is you know So I think it's that aesthetic look we're shooting for. Oh yeah, you should make like a cat in a suit. That'd be pretty, like a James Bond looking cat. Cat in a suit. Yeah, that'd be sick. Yep. Cats in suits. Yeah, maybe it is the cat thing. Like you guys are using like juice bottles and stuff. Maybe if you use a cat as well as part of your thing, maybe. I don't know. Maybe it's some cat meme magic. Not sure. I mean, we do use cats a lot, to be fair, on our graphics. Do you have a specific sort of cat look that is yours? I would say if we use cats, we use like, what's the word that Jon Snow did? Like, people describe him as in the Game of Thrones. He does this look. What is it? It's like serious, thoughtful. It's not so much like happy-go-lucky. Okay, got it. Yeah, I mean, honestly, like, I'm also not the expert in branding and stuff like that. I'm just thinking like, yeah, like the CatDev working group and the DeFi Juping Jam, they have like their own sort of way of creating cats, right? An example in the chat there, Seb. I love the fact that everybody's saying that it's cats with beards and one of them is shirtless. Everybody agrees with that. with this one yeah that cat looks really cool though it's like a hacker cat or something it's a slightly more mature kind of vibe because we're mature innit like we're not as cutesy as that's what I say too I like to say I'm mature yeah biologically mature psychologically immature fair enough You guys should reach out to Opex because he knows how to generate a very consistent character using Midjourney across different prompts. Wow, really? Yeah, you guys could lean into the Matrix cats with your colors. Lean into some Matrix shit. You could be a fucking Neocat or whatever. Matrix cat is a vibe. Let me see if I can find one. I was going to say quickly, like I do feel like you guys have a pretty consistent style down. Like I, I think you're right that having a character maybe is important, but otherwise like every time I see a Jupe and Juice post, I know it's a Jupe and Juice post. You got the glowing color and the black and white. Like I think it's close for sure. I mean, these, these two that I've shared or three, I think these are, these, these last three are the ones, yeah, these are our last three. And if you look at those cats, they're not too dissimilar from each other. Yeah. I mean, they are different, like they're wearing different clothing and stuff, but they're They're kind of characters in a similar sort of style and the colorways and everything. But I have also learned how to make a consistent character. And that's like something we're working on because there's going to be four characters that we want to create. And I don't want to say too much. We haven't even shared this yet. Yeah. Well, it's the alpha, isn't it? So we're working on something with four consistent characters. who will play a role in this other piece of content that we want to create moving forward. So yeah, maybe you'll start seeing those in the future or very soon, hopefully. Hopefully next office hours we'll be discussing it. That's the aim. Yeah. Yeah, I guess the other major update from us, of course, you guys know, is the vote. If you haven't voted, please do so. There's still two days left. There's 322 million votes cast. This could very well break the record yet again, potentially, but we'll see. You never know. Here is the vote page. But yeah, all of the backgrounds, even the current default are all Midjourney by the way, in case you guys didn't know. That's all doable with Midjourney. We're talking to the designer, the lead designer for Jupiter named Aaron. He can soup up things a little bit, so what you see is not the final final version. He can add a little finesse to things. But yeah, the fact that you can make these gorgeous things and they can spur passionate debate between people is pretty astounding and just a testament to how important I think Midjourney is for people going forward, especially people wanting to make content. Biasub, Kimo, or Morten, is there anything you guys would say about the fun vote? Make an image, baby. Did you have fun? That's my main question. Was it fun to have a little bit of a different vote? Not necessarily that serious with a bunch of fun cat images? I'm hoping it was. Yeah. Yeah, that's something that came to my mind after the fact. It was like, oh wow, this is actually a good way to get people involved in the vote because it's so simple. It also had an interesting side effect of directing a lot of attention to Juke Mobile. The link has 700 clicks, meaning 700 new people likely learned about Juke Mobile. So that was cool too. Yeah, side note, if... Any of you have friends that aren't aware that Jupyter Mobile exists? Just get them on Jupyter Mobile. Yeah, I was surprised when we launched the vote, like five minutes later, I went into the gen chat and there was two people who were like, what the hell is Jupyter Mobile? I was like, oh man. Yeah, we assume too much, I guess. We assume too many people know about certain things. I found it interesting to see the effect of the change in the quorum. And this vote, because the vote before was to change the quorum. Yeah, it was the first one, the very first one with the quorum switch. So I thought it was pretty cool to see, because previously my observation was that the quorum was hit instantly, sort of, with that 60 mil. Now this time it took like a day or two or something like that, if I'm not totally off. Yeah, about 18 hours or so. Okay. Okay. So it didn't take two hours this time. It took 18 hours. But still, it is a change. It is a difference. And it was cool to see that play out well. To me, even though it's a fun vote... but it's still seeing the effect of this quorum change gave me the impression that it felt like the voting sort of is a little bit more serious than previously when it comes to that governance metric, the quorum governance metric. So it was nice to see that in action. And I suppose it was fun to pick these different images myself. I had fun. But yeah, that was my main observation, the change of decorum and how it looked like in practice. Pretty cool. So it was a fun vote, but part of this is even in hindsight, but it was, I believe, an important vote for the reasons we talked about, such as the quorum and helping the newbies on board and get accustomed to their first vote. And also even helping to promote Jupyter Mobile a little bit in anticipation for the Android release. So it was important in many ways in hindsight. So I'm glad we did it. Yeah, it's sort of like if you rewind the tape to the first ever vote that we did with Jip Tridal, which was voting on what Miel should dress like or something like that, some animals. He didn't do that, by the way. He never did that, by the way. I'm actually mad he didn't do that. He needs to do that. Maybe he did, nobody saw it. But the point I wanted to make... Remind everyone what I'm talking about. For the very first vote, the animal, the choose your animal vote, Meow was supposed to dress up and go to breakpoint in the costume of the animal, which he did not do. So you guys need to... We need to make this happen. We're owed the outcome of that. Yeah, but anyway, a big part of that in the first vote was also to understand the level of governance participation and set a reasonable and sustainable quorum level from the data we sort of collected there. And I think part of this fun vote was the same, has the same effect or same intention. It's like, okay, we have this pretty big change in the governance metrics where the quorum is like totally different. Okay, cool. So let's try it out, see how it works out in practice, if it's reasonable or not, and also at the same time create a fun event for everyone for the DAO and the community to participate in. And additionally, I also think it's pretty cool that the, because as you guys know, the DAO doesn't govern the products. So Jupyter Mobile is a product, right? But this also, to me, opens a door for the DAO to participate on a product level. Keep in mind, the DAO is not even one year old yet. So we're still pretty early on here. But it just gives a really cool indication on... I mean, this is just my personal perspective of it, but it gives a cool indication of how the team values the DAO in relation to the Jupyter products as well, and sort of is now with this vote. inviting the DAO to participate in governing parts of the product. And I think asking on how something should look like is perfect. Like, Litmus has to see if the DAO actually wants to participate on this level and it works out and so on. So there's multiple avenues to this kind of makes me think about this as a serious vote and not just a fun vote you know it's the quorum aspect it's also shit dao is actually participating and having a say on part of the product you know and that you know the door is open for that now let's see how that unfolds so so yeah so that's my my observations thanks for listening to my ted talk yeah i would say a serious vote can also be a fun vote They are not well said. We psyoped you guys into a serious vote. It wasn't a fun vote at all. Aren't all votes super fun, guys? Or don't we always have fun voting? Yeah, but obviously it's fun to take pictures. Yeah, so even though it's a fun vote, like Morland said, I think it kind of encompassed what I said in a really good way. Even though there's a fun vote, it's still serious. Fun votes are still serious votes. And I think I laid forth why I deem it to be a serious fun vote. Emo, did you have any perspectives? No, not really. I'm boring today. Yeah, but you had a pretty big hand on coordinating the image materials and so on as well. um yeah i got to play around with that it was fun yeah i made uh i don't know what's winning now but i made the astronaut and shit and the journey real fast it's a jupiter related tech question um if you're voting right let's say i'm voting with let's say i had a million jupe and then i buy a hundred thousand more jupe and there's a vote happening i'm asking this weirdly um If you vote and there's still a vote happening and you buy more jupe and stake it, does that count to that vote? No, it doesn't. You have to vote again. You can change your choice and then change it back and it will count. Got it. Add to your stack. I forget to consider my stake jupe part of my portfolio entirely. I don't know about you guys. I just, it's there. I'm like, oh yeah, that's right. I have enough jupe. I have a good amount of jupe. I forgot that that was a token. I actually budget my savings, funny enough. It's in my budget. Like I have it all budgeted. It has a job actually for one day. I want to buy a house or something. It has a job for like a hundred years from now. I keep track of it every month. Jupe is going to buy my house. That's cool. Yeah. I update it every week and I just like, I budget for it. I usually give myself a little wiggle room, but yeah. I mean, it does give a better yield than a savings account. So I think you're a good financial person. It's um, yeah, that's Rolex. Jupe is home. Literally. Coop is literally my home. I live in it. I mean, to be fair, I wake up, sleep, eat, repeat Jupiter. I sit in this Discord server more than I talk to my parents. Of course, Jupiter's home. Can you imagine if you brought your house with Jupiter as well? That would be the ultimate Jupiter's home. You're here all the time and your house is actually paid for by Jupiter. Once that happens, I swear, this is a goal for me, my room is going to be all green, black and green, and I'm going to have a big-ass LED Jupiter behind me here and Jupiter juice under it. Can't wait for that. Yeah, oh my god, this guy, this personal garage, it's amazing. Have you seen it? We need to film more videos of Tommy's. We need a documentary of Tommy working out in his MockTube gym. I'm in the MockChim right now, bro. I'm in the MockChim. I'm always in the MockChim. I do MockChim every day, bro. I just MockChim. You know what would be a great major name, Ed? You know, Yin and Yang doing the Jeep logo and the Mock Jeep logo as Jin and Jang. Oh, Jin and Jang. I think those two style. I don't think I can achieve that with my skill set. People will start thinking Mock Jeep is actually the real Jeep. Big news. That's true. It's a test open though. I'd love to see how you get these logos in these, what's it called? In these generations. How do you get a logo generated into an image? Especially like a dupe-induced logo, which is like super not logo-ish. Would it work with that? I don't think it would. This calls for a new workshop. New workshop. How to merge two logos with each other. Using Midjourney. You just upload them and you eat it together and maybe they merge. You just say, hey dude, can you make this for me? Please? Thanks. C ref. Bye. But have you, Akima, have you seen the latest version of Jupiter Juice logo? Let me share it in the chat. I think so. I think you should also, yeah, there's one change. I think you should just make the Jupiter logo your lime green and then make it glow a little bit. Ah, okay, yeah, yeah. That's a palatable change. I think people wouldn't be mad about that. But they wouldn't be able to see that it's Jupiter from the feed. Yeah, I mean, if it's, you know, green, that's up in the top right, they'd be able to tell. Do you think that would work in your prompting logos generation? I think that's a weird logo that it won't logoify. I've just got a straw. I don't know. Midjourney is funky with logos. I'm sure you can do it well. I haven't gotten it to a point where I'm like, yeah, I like that. There's been a couple of things where I've gotten one out of 70 or 80 or 90 images that's decent. But yeah. I also, I take somewhat issue with the Jupiter logo. It looks vaguely unbalanced to me, so it's not easy to integrate into stuff. Yeah. Okay, well, that's all the updates. I just want to ask the audience, guys, if you have any questions, please raise your hand at this time. We'll let you up to talk, to yap, to discuss, to ask. Or if you're a little bit shy, just post it in the chat and I can read it on your behalf. Hey, let's go. Hey guys. What's up? Hi, JM. I appreciate you guys doing this. I kind of told you been juices earlier and it was like you guys like you've been just doing a great job with like the podcast, but like these other podcasts that you guys are doing. Like Kimo doing the workshops, Klaus doing the workshops, you know, all these different initiatives you guys are doing. It's making a big difference. And I've been talking to like even some people that are like normies in, you know, from my side and showing them your content. It actually, I'm proud to show them your content versus like, other platforms you know it's just it's just it's not up to par but you guys are doing a great job just wanted to say like i know you guys are leading and doing all these things but you know slorg and you know chemo and sax and all you know whatever initiative initiative you're doing you guys are doing great and so with you know the defy jupin jam i just tuned in like today for the first time like i i watched like recast i did like the live today and it was i mean Julie and all the girls did amazing. So I just want to give a little shout out. Thank you, bro. Appreciate that, man. Appreciate that. WDJJ. Has anyone said it's shit? Because I'd like to hear... Oh, he's left. I'd like to hear if someone said, nah, these boys are not serious, bro. What is this that I'm seeing here? He was talking about DeFi dupe jam, though. No, no, he referred to dupe and juice first, right? He said, I've shown normies your content and they like it. They think that it's up to par kind of vibes. I would like to know about some normies that say, this ain't good, bruv. Get him off. Get him off my screen. You had a bunch of watchdogs that actually just enjoy it for the people I send it to that are just now viewers. So, yeah. Molly's saying, really, they said sex sucks. And Wake was handsome. And that's how we know it's absolute catbite. All right, we do have some more audience members up here. So let's go around Spaceman. What you got for us, man? Hello, guys. Sorry for the noise. Hello, guys. I just wanted to come up and talk a little bit about the idea for the gaming-focused initiative. I've been trying to plan some things towards that end with Irish and still have to, I think, iterate a bit more before it's ready to be released. made sure like a proper proposal, but I just wanted to get everyone's takes on some of the things that they're thinking about related to gaming and Jupiter. One thing that was mentioned a couple weeks ago by Timo on another call was related to eSports and using eSports as a way to spread the Jupiter message and have players basically represent Jupiter in a lot of the competitive gaming theme. So that was like the esports is one component. The other was more of like an indie games component. Basically, like having the community get involved with the creation of some indie game for Jupiter. So like, Yeah, I guess between those two possible initiative ideas, I just wanted to get everyone's takes on like which one we think is the more prescient one to tackle in the proposal. Because I feel like fitting in both might be quite a lot. So yeah, I just wanted to hear what people's thoughts are. I'm happy to dive in more in detail on any one of them. But yeah, briefly speaking, what do you guys think? I love the idea with the esports team. I think that's a solid approach. I think most people here in this call and in the community likes to play computer games at times and are very well aware of esports. So I think that would be a really fun initiative and And more fun than the indie game one. But hey, like the indie game one is also really fun. So just general positive towards the idea. And I hope you take initiative on this. I would support it. It's like I can see in front of myself like a Jupiter, like eSports team, like repping and... I mean it can turn into something really cool so yeah I'm just yeah I can back that I'll support that and also donate I have pro players I have like four thousand mmr rank and dota four thousand in the world that's you Satchel yeah no dota I have a friend that's that's professional that professional player and warzone I'll be covering that part But we're going to play Warzone. Did you download it? Because I need to check this. I already downloaded it. I already downloaded it. Awake, it was you who had to download it, innit? I didn't do it. Hold on, I'm on it. I'm on it. I'm going to destroy you all anyway. I don't know why you want to get me on that game. You're a bit of a detriment, bro. Also, we'll see, isn't it? We'll see. Spaceman, nice to meet you. Nice to chat to you for the first time, bro. This is something we should try and get on Duper Juice. Yeah. I was going to say, yeah, like... Yeah, I love both ideas. And I have some experience, obviously, in both domains. And so like, yeah, for the esports one, for example, like, you know, I could see that really helping grow the GPverse into new eyeballs, especially if some of these esports players or maybe also be streamers right and so one idea i had there was to contact some people i know from previous uh work functions to see if they would be willing to come on as as like you know having juke on their brand page or like their uh like every time they stream every time they play they put on like their sponsors or you know who they're affiliated with So like that would be one way to spread the message is to like recruit basically some of these mid, more mid streamers who are trying to grow, who also wouldn't be too expensive or, you know, probably wouldn't cost much at all. One deal I made with them in a previous group I was working with was if they win a tournament, right, which then gets the brand affiliate more exposure, then we give them like a bonus or some kind of, you know, extra incentive to, to win that. That was like one of the deal structures we had with, with someone who was a little bit more established, but yeah, like we, we could totally just start with more grassroots and just have players from the community who think they're, they've got it, you know, to just, uh, you know, we would create probably like, uh, some kind of brand, um, strategy, you know, for, for those players, like they would just have to, rock the Juke brand and we have to agree on what they would be using as the brand. But yeah, we could easily just get into a bunch of tournaments and do it that way. For the in-game, yeah, I definitely see that as more engaging the community and having that... It wouldn't be exactly to grow yet. It would be like a longer-term play to grow. But it would be more like engagement with whoever's here now. Like he said, the story, the lore, there's a lot to explore there and could lead to good engagement for the community. But yeah, they're both initiatives that would take effort. So yeah, I'm still not sure which one would be the best, but I'm happy to go in either direction. Yeah. Yeah, I think esports is the lowest hanging fruit and the least amount of effort perhaps to get going. And this obviously will probably draw a larger crowd than like an internally developed like pixel game with the lore and stuff, even though that is like really nice too. So I would, and also like I'm a little bit of a fan of esports myself. Like sometimes when I have spare time, I just watch like what's happening in the latest CS tournament or League of Legends or whatever. Yeah. So, uh, So yeah, I would personally, out of personal interest, be liking esports, I would definitely want to see you doing something with esports. And I bet you within the community, there's probably a lot of really talented Dota players like Satchel mentioned perhaps and League of Legends. The point is that there's probably a lot of really talented players that could form a team and then you can have A team, B team, C team with different... skill sets and and you know like you mentioned also they're like signing people signing up these teams for actually like you know big known esports tournaments and i mean yeah i'm kind of excited about your idea here so as you can hear yeah yeah yeah totally totally yeah yeah Alright, sounds great. So I'll just take that as focus and we'll go forward with that one. And I'll draft up a proposal. So, I mean, really, all we really need is just to like, find the tournament, organize around it, the people who would want to play, and then have some sort of branding idea, depending on what the tournament is, like, how they would represent Jupiter, basically, right? Yeah, but I think that'd be really fun. Lots of people, you know, in the space love gaming. I'm sure lots of sign up for something like this through Jupiter. So yeah, love it. And also, if you need any assistance with this, I'm already someone who played in like esports and I know how the steps goes from being a nobody to playing in your local area and then being international. Let's circle back for sure. Yeah. obviously would want to integrate more with people who are down to help with this. Just out of interest, Spaceman, are you doing this alone or do you have like a team or what's the situation there? So I'm building games already like in the space. So I am a part of one team on the Geckos building game and I'm just like helping the game design there. And I have my own indie game that I've been building with the snakes, but it's like still indie game. So it's not a It's kind of like my side project. So it's not, yeah, it's not like a big time sink. But yeah, in terms of the esports, like I have a bunch of my old contacts from The Kingdom, which is a company that is a startup that I worked at last year that did this esports thing for the same reason, like to grow the brand. So yeah, a lot of my contacts there I'll reach out to again. These are the players that stream, they play, they try to. A lot of them are in South America because I'm from Brazil originally. They love the idea of some extra prize money if they can affiliate themselves with the brand. Even if it's here, $100 is a lot for them. Do you think that esports team initiative, the one you're speaking about, do you think that the way you see it would attract... an audience or people outside of the existing Solana user base? That's where we face some, not issues, but challenges, right? Because the gaming ecosystem at large, they're used to seeing streamers with brands and whatever. The trouble is the hook. What we were trying to work with the guys was when they win, they usually get an interview, and then we would just work with them to... to say the right thing about the brand that might hook people in, especially gamers, because that's the audience there. Yeah, well, I think like with... Okay, well, with that said, I think it serves as a superb opportunity to onboard more people into crypto with the Jupyter wallet, since that wallet is awesome and has also fiat on and off ramps, I think. But we need to wait for the Android release. Yeah, that's coming up in a very short time. So yeah, I mean, so we would both like provide like really fun entertainment value to the existing Jupiter community. We'll also expand the community and also help the universe expand utilizing the mobile wallet, onboarding more people to Jupiter and Solana. So yeah, super bullish on this idea. That would be the easiest thing. And then just some things I've learned from the off the grid, like whatever they did, you know, they paid really popular streamers to, play the game and like basically shill Avalanche and they had some like you know some good slogans they were using like oh you know the blockchain is just a marketplace it's you know it's like a steam marketplace these are the things we will have to think about to hook people in but yeah I'm excited for this good stuff bro I'm excited for this I need to win some dupe playing games All right, I'll circle back with Irish and Satch and we'll do the proper thing. And I'll start taking a look at some of the tournaments we can sign up for. I'm sure Anna yearned it a lot. Cool. And I can even point you to where we can actually sign up for tournaments for free to start playing with a very minimal reward, which is like they give out the websites, give out like 400 bucks, 500 bucks for the prize pool. So the winner gets 300, like first, second, third, and it's free subscription. And you can sign in and insert your team's icon or profile picture and with a small description. So that's a push to push through Jupiter more. That sounds great. Yeah. What website is that? Or yeah, I'm happy to follow up too on DMs. Maybe so. Sure. Cool. And then make it happen. Perfect. Awesome. Thanks guys. W. You're welcome. Peace. All right. Bye. Bye. Yeah, we are about 20 minutes after the hour, so I'll solicit one last time before we go to the community members up here already. So guys, if you have a question, please raise your hand. I think this will be the last call for questions, so this will be your last opportunity to ask anything this week. If you're a bit shy, once again, just post in the chat and I can read it on your behalf. But for now, let's go over to Adeda. What you got for us? I'm Jim everyone. Yeah. So I wanted to share what I've been able to work on based on the feedback that you guys give and Kimo specifically gave last week but since he's not here I would not want to take your... Where's Kimo though? Did he leave? What the heck? I didn't even notice. Sorry please please continue. I'll just yeah i'll just give a special shout out to everybody on the call well done on everything that you are doing cryptic um hey gm gm thanks all right thank you I love your vibes, Adela. Keep on grinding. Doing great stuff. Yeah. Really good, actually. Everybody's kind of impressed. That's the talk behind the scenes. Just keep on doing your thing. Talk of the town. Wow, a woman I wasn't aware. Ayo. Yeah, we need more women in the DAO and the contributors. You're right. It's a little bit imbalanced right now, I think. Usually when women are around, the guys behave a little bit more proper too. Keep us in check. That's good. By the way, just to let people know before we, sorry to interrupt, the boys are doing the Thread University right now as well because that goes live usually at six and it's a W if you guys are trying to learn about threads and stuff. So Fabiano, Jossie, they went live. Just wanted to shout them out. Sorry, carry on. That's all from me. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Thanks for your kind words. Alright, seeing as there's no other hands, I guess we'll go over to last but certainly not least, Gashteen. What you got for us, man? What's up, bro? What's up, guys? What's good, man? I just want to say... You're gonna make me take my shirt off. What, bro? Please don't. Come on. Sanchal, stop harassing the guests. You're harassing the guests. Can I start? Let's fucking go. Let's fucking go. Okay guys I'm going to sing Justin Bieber's boyfriend. So let's, I'm starting. Oh, did you have, did you have a question first? I think you said you wanted to ask a question or did you just want to say? No, I don't have any question. Jupiter is a great Tao, great people. Oh yeah. Thank you. Let me just really quick, well, you can play us out. Let me just really quick wind it down a little bit. But yeah, guys, that's all the updates. Yashin is now going to sing us out as he traditionally does. So feel free to stick around for that. And he will be serenading us. So yeah, thanks to everyone who came out this week. Let's go. Let's go. Let's fucking go. Go ahead, Yashin. Yeah, I'm starting. Okay. - If I was a boyfriend, never let you go. I can take you places I never before. Baby, take a chance, say I will never know. I got money in my hands that I really like to blow. Swag, swag, swag. You turn butterfly, but if you are know about me, but I know about you, so say hello, so for C, two and three, two, swag.  I like to be everything you want  Hey girl, let me talk to you. If I was a boyfriend, never let you go. Keeping through my arm girl, you'll never be alone. I could be a gentleman, anything you want. Tell me what you like, tell me what you don't. I could be buzz like F.I. because you know, you already know. I can make a champagne, you already know. Girlfriend, girlfriend, you can be my girlfriend, you can be my girlfriend till this fucking world ends. I like to be everything you want. Hey girl, let me talk to you. If I was a boyfriend, never let you go. Keeping through my arm girl, you'd never be alone. I could be a gentleman, anything you want. Yeah, that's it. Thank you guys. Yeah, thank you, Ashton. Let's go. Nice one, man. I don't know how every time he sings we get more people joining at the end usually we trickle downwards because people just get busy but then when Yashin sings we get more again so yeah the guy's here for Yashin round of applause I do have to dip out now and do some work so Appreciate you guys for all coming out for this, asking your questions, making your connections, networking with people. It's always a great time. And yeah, thanks to the work groups for giving the updates. And yeah, we'll see you guys around. And of course, can't forget the X audience. But yeah, we'll see you guys next week. Peace. Meow. Bye-bye. Meow, meow. Meow. Meow. Meow.