updates and then we'll conclude with audience questions and Jashton if you want to come up at the very end and do another song we'd love to have you here's the here's the link in the chat I just like kind of did a look back on like where we started and where we are now you know the community the DAO and highlight the results so far, which is stop and just reflect on and think about it. It's actually pretty damn good results, right? And I think that, yeah, we don't talk about the successes of that enough. And what led me to kind of like... take that angle now was the the quorum vote that started my whole thought process because to me the quorum vote was really like a pivotal moment or like a big big milestone for the DAO where the DAO and the community is more like you know taking ownership of the governance metrics and so it's just thought to me like Shit, you know, we gave birth to a baby in the beginning of the year here. The baby in the beginning was a little infant, a little potato, just screaming. And then throughout the years so far, that baby has grown and from infant become like a little baby. And now it looks like the baby is walking, taking its first steps, where the DAO and the extended community is taking more, let's say, responsibility around important items such as the Quorum vote. So... That was the thing that inspired me to write this. Then I started looking at the numbers, the amount of stakers and the amount of voters who are participating. By that I mean stake youth that is participating in the actual votes. And it's like, the last vote was more than 80%. That's huge. So I just felt like, man, we got to highlight this. And obviously, the core working group has been working tremendously hard. And we were entrusted by the DAO and the community through the the formalization of the DAO to formalization of the core working group when we did the budget vote. So we're being entrusted by the DAO and the community to sort of be, not guardians of the DAO, but like, "guiders", I'd say. And perhaps people don't realize how much work has been put in by the core working group. And obviously the Jupyter team has been being very supportive and assisting us and so on. But the cool thing is like they're very, they care a lot, the Uber team, about this being an actual DAO and so on. So it's not like they're taking decisions on top of our heads. It's always been like it's really nice collaboration and stuff. So I just wanted to highlight basically to me a really good success story and just the fact that we have at this point so many working groups as well. I know that some just receive a grant and they're going to go through a trial etc but they're in the sort of they started the process of becoming a working group and all of these people are pretty able cats that we all are acquainted with from the community that have some degree of proof of work too. And looking at those numbers, it's a bunch of different groups. It's actually like 29 people. That's a pretty big size. And it's quite an effort too because there's one thing of starting a business and hiring people top-down, etc. But we're trying to build this distributed working groups model. That in itself is a huge challenge. Finding the right recipe, the right processes, etc. Tons of different things to consider. That in itself is also a huge success. Not only the amount of stake you or the stake you participating in votes, but also the amount of working groups and within these working groups, the amount of people involved. I just wanted to highlight from my perspective as a core working group member within the DAO Something that I deem as an incredibly beautiful success and an awesome story about how a doll came to be. Yeah, cool. So yeah, I'd recommend you guys go check out that piece, that Sembroke, which you linked above. But the fact that we're coming up on a year and we're at our peak activity still is just nothing short of absolutely impressive. Kimo and I have been working around and in DAOs for the last three years on Solana. Most barely make it to three months. And the fact that we're still peaking a year in is just... I can't even like overstate how absolutely incredible that is. So maybe we're doing something right. Maybe we're doing something right. I think so. I think what the recipe for this success is... is what I think I put forth in the article to some degree at least. This focus on community eat first, which comes from one of the Meow experiments. That to me is basically just making sure that everything is anchored in the community and nothing is really decided on top of people's heads. We had a pretty good cadence with these forum posts, these town halls that we have now today. So I think the recipe for success is just to really, really care about the community. So that's my take on it. As Wake says, there's still so much more to do. Wake, you're like the guy who sees kids eating ice cream and you tell them about the calories. So thank you for that, Wake. Grab those ice creams out of your hand. No, no, it's a great piece. I think it's important to reflect on where we've come. It's just moving so fast, boys and girls. It's like, damn. We never really just step back and look. So thanks for writing that, Seb. We appreciate you, bruh. but it don't end here. It don't end here. This is the start. It's basically the start. That's how I see it too. And back to my kind of baby comparisons. It's like, yeah, you all know when a baby just got born, it's literally just like a screaming little potato, right? Just don't do much. But after a while, they notice. And then after a while, the baby starts forming a character and starts thinking and starts participating in the world. So with that said, it's still a baby. There's still a lot of room for growth and a lot of things that's going to be done together here amongst all of us. So yeah, I would also say it's definitely... Just kind of like, hey, look, we just got started. Look how cool it became. So we've got a lot of work to do still. Congratulations, everybody. Woo! Really quickly, speaking on Reflections, we are actually releasing the second edition of the quarterly report this week. So that's something we'll talk about in depth at the next Office Hours. But yeah, I hope you guys are looking forward to that. They're fun to write. They're interesting to write. Yeah, let's get into some workgroup updates. The first one this time around is Jupe and Juice. So Irish, Wake, Sex. What updates you got for us? It's been a pretty important start of the week for the Juices around the globe. We have seen some holes in our content. Getting a bit samey, getting a bit spammy. So we're refocusing and re... I wouldn't say it's a pivot, but I'd say there's a pivot involved in that... We've tried to address a concern that someone brought up about volume and lo-fi, but we've lost our way a little bit. So we're re-finding our spark, as it were. Well, we've been experimenting a lot, and I suppose when you experiment, you find out stuff. And yeah, we're finding out what works, what doesn't work, what people would like to see. We always love your feedback, so keep it coming. yeah it's just so part of the process we're still a trial working group so we're we're using this time to trial stuff and see what works you know so if we get the privilege of being a fully fledged working group we'll know what does work what doesn't work moving forward and thank you ag for saying the last few episodes of fire we really enjoyed them too but this really isn't about the pod itself though there are areas of that that we must improve too This is about distribution and contentization in general. On Twitter. Yeah, on Twitter. That's right, yeah. I think a lot of people are going through similar changes. So we're not alone, but we've got to do it. I mean, the DAO is constantly leveling up, so it's only right that we level up with the DAO, to be fair. Yeah, as someone who is part of a full-fledged working group, I can say for sure you never stop experimenting here. This is still the wild west effectively. You don't know what's going to work in the long term. And you can't really make assumptions, right? You just have to... The results are the results. And if you have to pivot, you pivot. And if you have to try new things, you try new things. And that's the way the cookie crumbles. So... Good on you for recognizing something you guys identified as a problem and making the steps to correct it. That's really what matters most. Because you're never going to get anything 100% right the first time. No one does. Especially in Web 3.0. Are you kidding me? No way. Thank you, Slob. That's why we love you guys. Because you guys always are quick to try new things. Appreciate that. We try 99 bad ideas to get to the one good one. And so... Yeah, we'll just keep cooking and we'll keep trying to make the DAO proud of Jupe and Juice. And yeah, we'll keep doing our thing. It's like in your animated video where you made the juice for Meow and he spit it out and then you said, hey, fuck it, we'll do a pod. Yeah, it's funny you say that. Hopefully we'll be having some more animations coming soon. So that's something in the pipeline. We're going to start focusing on more written content as well. Wake's been sort of working on that today. Yeah, and so there's a lot that's going to come. It's just us refining what we're putting out then, just trying to make it better. Slog said it well. We have to give value and not just take value. Though we obviously haven't been trying to take value. Some of our content recently has been like, it's just going out there, but we want to give more value. Yeah, we've been doing more quantity rather than quality. And obviously that's been noticed. And I mean, it works for a short period of time, but when you elongate that time and you keep putting out volume rather than like quality, you know, it has the effect that slog has. you know, people start feeling like you're just shoving stuff in their faces rather than like adding value to their day when they're stopping to have a look at your stuff. So, you know, we've done loads of PPP interviews and stuff, but we're kind of thinking about how we can make those also like more like variety for, because right now on our feed, if you look at a PPP interview, it's probably more, more the cat debts and the COCs, people that are like the power users of Joop that are really enjoying those. And we want really the whole point of them is to get people within the DAO noticed outside the DAO, right? So if we're like creating this loop of people who already enjoy our content and know these people, only watching it we're not achieving our goal we want people to know how cool Doc is and how cool AG is and they just they're not even from the DAO right and so I mean our metrics are telling us that's not really happening so we need to like improve on how we do those maybe it's okay for the Dupieverse itself more like a behind the scenes look but we need to make them more captivating, more enjoyable to watch. And so I think we've reduced the quantity and we've put more quality into those. And so, yeah, we're just, you know, we're thinking about all that. I would be curious, like, what was the amount of followers you saw from the animation versus the other stuff? Because I think, like... you know it's really easy to become noise uh versus signal so like when you do put out a lot of stuff it just becomes noise to people versus like very highly considered thoughtful things um on a cadence right like that cadence can be monthly cadence can be weekly or whatever but that cadence is like people are used to that and then if you just kind of thrust too much in their face, then they can get this on a personal account too. Like I tweet bullshit all the time. It doesn't get anywhere near the impressions or the engagement that something that I spent a lot of time on does. So, yeah. Yeah, I mean, there was a night and day difference. I think when the animation dropped, we got like over 100 followers just from that animation. And usually from our like shorts, I mean, we'd probably get single figures, maybe like double figures max, like in the 20s. So it's been a steady climb. I mean, to be fair to us, from us focusing on our exes, I mean, I suppose we can touch on that a little bit. We started focusing on our ex after becoming a work group, going to Breakpoint and coming back. And I think our follow account at that time was about 300 or 400 max. And we've managed to grow that during that time till now, which is just over a month, I would say. And we're at 2K now. So we did see good growth there. But I suppose it's because we shifted our focus towards it. And now it's like, you know, we can't rinse and repeat what we've done last month. And it's just not, it's not good enough. It's, you know, it's not what we want to put out there. We want the quality content and want people to know, okay, this is, this is what you produce or delivering. I want to see the next one rather than squandering. scrolling the feed and actually seeing something and thinking, I've seen this already, you know, and that's the feeling I got when I was scrolling through Jupe & Juice. Like I would see some of the PPP interviews and I would scroll and think, you know, obviously I know they're new ones, but if I was someone else scrolling the feed, I think this is one that I've already seen because it's so similar to different ones that we already put out. So yeah, it's important for us to get these things right and make the most of them. I mean, some people would look at them and say they're doing quite well, but they're not what we want to put out long term. So yeah, we'll be changing all that and making it better for the community. I mean, we tried a few other things as well. Like we've done some interactive posts. Like during Halloween, we were taking people's PFPs firing them and sending them out. That done really well. Even the logo stuff, that did really well. And that was like interactive with the community and, you know, people on X in general. We noticed that people like a call to action and to engage in it. So, I mean, we'll talk to the community and try and get some feedback and see what they think on those kind of posts as well. But we don't want to go too heavy on call to actions either because it can kind of become a bit like clickbaity and a little bit, you know, like rinse and repeat kind of stuff as well. One thing I might try is instead of like, y'all did the PPP interviews, instead of doing like three a day, you could just like clip them up and do like one longer one, I think that would, it would be like a higher quality video instead of just like three individuals. Yeah, yeah, I agree. Also, I just want to plug, you guys were talking about engagement, I just want to plug Juicy Fabiano's Twitter group really quick, because, like, as someone who writes threads, the advice they're giving to people, you're not going to get anywhere else. Like, they're giving, like, really good tailored advice to people who actually, like, want to write long-form content, and, like, that sort of mentorship, it, like, doesn't exist, right? There's no career that's, like, a threader, like, it's just, it's not a formalized role, and I remember, like, back years ago I was trying to look up information on Google like okay how do you write threads well how do you do this well and it's always the most most generic advice ever so generic that it's not even useful but like they're giving really tailored feedback and they're giving their time to like individuals so if you guys are interested in writing threads at all I would 100 join that group yeah yeah sorry I just wanted to plug that because they're doing a really good job How do we get in that group? That sounds like a brilliant idea. Gotcha. OG, can you post a link to that? Yeah. Can you post links to chats? Gotcha. Do you have to manually invite people to it? Possibly. I'm not sure. Adedemola has shared some sort of link. JupiterThreadUniversityBeehive.com Yeah, I think you have to invite people personally. Okay, so yeah, I would reach out to them, Juicy or Fabiano, and ask to get added to the group chat. Yeah. Let's keep trucking along. Did you guys have any other updates to share or should we move on to the cog group? No, I think we move on. Definitely, I could probably think of more things, but yeah, we're fine. I think we just... Okay, cool. Yeah, thanks for sharing that with us. Thank you. Now we continue the clockwise motion and we land upon... Oh, Kaz, you displaced Katoshi, but he's still next in order. So Katoshi, Rolex, Kaz, what you got for us from the COG group? Yo, JM guys. We got a couple of things here. A couple of fun, exciting things, I think, to talk about. At least I had fun doing them this week. One was the roll gated voting for COCs for the grants. So we did like a Halloween costume test vote. We did the WAM, which is the DeFi Jupin Jam, that grant. And you guys will notice that it all took place in the Thunderdome. So check that out. If you haven't, there'll be future votes there. We added X and Reddit linking for the cadet site. This is like really, really cool. I don't know if you guys have seen it yet, but go to I can't drop the link. Katoshi, do you mind dropping it for me? The yeah, there you go. Julian's got it. No, that's the wrong one. Anyways, the layout of cadets.jupe.eco. is really neat. So we added the X and Reddit linking so cadets can like interact with each other. They can hover over a PFP. Once you've connected your Twitter, it adds your like PFP and then you can hover over it and go to their, their X page. Or if you just click it, it takes you right there. It's pretty cool. So that's that whole like cadets Twitter wall that we made a post of. You guys will see that. It's actually growing really, really well. So that was fun. Yeah, it was fun. What'd you think of it, Wake? Did you like it? I like it a little, bruh. Good, man. It's a dub. Big dub. Yeah, we had fun with it. Julian did all the dev work for that, but just interacting with it and testing it and stuff, we had fun. So, cool. Glad you guys liked that. We've been running our first full week of the Cadets PPP Hour. So, you guys will notice on Sunday, Tuesday, and Thursday... We run a cadets PPP hour where we go in the good links section of discord and we go through the links and kind of rate them as a, uh, as a group. We discuss them like maybe something they could have done better or things like that. A constructive criticism if there are any. Um, so that was something that we did. We got our Reddit. So this is a huge, a huge milestone for OPAX. I want to give a big shout out to Opaqs because he's worked really hard on this. The Reddit reached over 5,000 community members and it's like growing every day and Opaqs been doing a really good job on that. So if you guys haven't checked out our Reddit for Jupiter Exchange, join the thread and yeah, I get to know some more cats over there. But yeah, shout out to Opaqs. Good shit on that. And the Juke Cadets Twitter page has reached over 4K followers. That was something that just like a little metric to throw out there. We're shooting for a little bit more than that. We want to try to get, you know, 5K in the next three weeks, but it'd be cool if we could do like 10K plus. We'll see. We'll see how it goes. I mean, I'm gonna be honest, I thought after Weird City stepped out, I thought the Reddit was kind of just a dead initiative, but like, seeing OPACs just take it up and like, revive it, and now it's over 5k now is just really impressive to me. And I'm happy that it didn't just die off. Yeah. No, he's put a lot of hard work into that. A lot of hard work into that. W, OPACs. Let's go. OPACs is a legend, bro. Bullish and OPACs. Yeah. So yeah, that's pretty much all the updates I have here. Cass or Katoshi, is there anything else you guys wanted to add to that? Yeah, I would just add that we did our first full week of the PPP Pet Debts Hour meetings that are happening on Sunday, Tuesday, and Thursday. And it's just been great to raid with the community and share all the amazing posts from the community and all follow each other together. It's been a lot of fun. And we've shared over, we've looked at over I think 40 plus posts in the last three meetings and been critical and given feedback. So yeah, if you're posting on X or Reddit and you want the community to get behind you and share your stuff, share it in the Good Links channel. And there's also the Jupyter community on X as well that I'll share the link to in chat here. Yeah, I think the idea with this is to get like everybody like one connected and kind of like interacting with each other. But two, it's really powerful on the timeline when you have a group of people all around like one topic or a similar topic. They're actively engaging and commenting and posting. We used to do this thing. It's been a while, but the Mad Lads, when I first bought this NFT, that was like one of the main things that caught me about MadLads. everything about MadLads was just the community and the way that everybody kind of rallied together and they were having fun on the timeline and just like any MadLads post you saw would blow up and I think we can like mimic the same thing here for like Jupiter it's just so big that there's already so much conversation going on but like once we all start really like you know activating it and engaging together I think something really cool happens so We're looking forward to that cadets PPP hour and getting as many cadets to come and participate as we can. All right, perfect. All right, and one last thing. I was told that if I did speak at office hours, I was going to be able to shill a ticker. And it's J-U-P, it's Jupe. So there, I shilled. Well, when was that meme con launch? Sure. It was January last year, I believe. Like pump.fund? No, it was even better. It was like this team of people for Jupyter launched this token. It was crazy. Oh, snap. I need to check that out. Thanks, man. Yeah, January 16th is when the real token was launched, but... you know we'll we'll save that you're saying they launched the token before the token yeah it's crazy i don't know i don't know how to feel about that bro and and that token went to zero that token went to zero but anyways that's all we got for the call guys thanks for uh hanging out with us or participating in all the different events we've been doing and yeah Also grants are going great and grants are fun and grants are awesome and we've had three grants pass so far and those are great. So yeah. Hi guys. Yeah, but the grants are turning out pretty well, right? There's a bunch of people now engaged with the DAO and contributing thanks to that. But there's a lot of work behind the scenes, right, Story? Yes, yes, there's behind the scenes. Yeah, we'll touch on some of the grant stuff when we get to our section. But for now, let's go to the last group here, which is uplink. So yeah, OG, what you got for us? What's up? Start off with the planetary call is going to be a product kind of update from Soju instead. on Wednesday and then there'll be a Joop rally on Friday and I'll be Cash and Meow in person in Singapore. So that should be pretty fun. And then kind of one thing we've tried to kind of take a different approach on how we kind of view things for Uplink as like a brand, I guess. So typically we kind of see ourselves as like a, you know, content production company, if you want to call it that. And then Miao has kind of like pushed us to become more of like a content, like empowerment kind of operation. So one way we're going to be doing that is Klaus is going to be more involved and do some more frequent workshops, kind of share his knowledge there, as well as I'm going to start a newer initiative that I'm going to be spotlighting grantees So I think that'll be all the details haven't been fleshed out on that. But ideally, I'll just stream to the Uplink Twitter and kind of y'all can hear some of the stories for the grantees and already have some people lined up for that. So that should be pretty cool. Kind of share what they're doing for Uplink because a lot of that stuff is not always super external and known. But yeah, just want to shine a light on a bunch of those people who are doing hard work behind the scenes. For the bounties, we still have the five sold in the dream. Those those payments will go out on Wednesday. We have the jupe rally videos that are being graded now and will be announced probably by then this week. That's the goal is and then the product demo bounty that we're doing in CWG. Those submissions are due on the 8th. So if you are interested in participating in that, make sure to get those in the next 4 days. And then Instagram, I know this is like a recurring theme, but like it should be very soon. It's created. Pretty much every step except for one is done. And kind of just waiting for Facebook to unban one of the accounts that got shadow banned essentially from someone. And then I don't know if y'all saw the Drip, the most recent Drip edition. which has a rarity with this one, which is pretty cool. Post the link in chat for that. And then similar to Juke & Juice as well, we're kind of changing, not changing, but I would say like making small iterations to our Twitter game. And one thing you're probably going to be seeing more of is like medium form, like meow kind of podcast videos, really focus on like the ideas, whether it pertains to Jupiter crypto in general or just like finance. We kind of want to focus some stuff on that and just see what happens. So, yeah, that's pretty much it for my portion. All right, sounds good then. Yeah, I'll get into the CWG updates and then after that we'll go to audience questions and then we'll end with our special musical guest of the week, Yashtyn. So yeah, let's get into it. Yeah, one of the big things this week is that AEG has released his very first monthly newsletter. If you didn't know, we are currently trialing AG. He does the newsletters and he does them excellently and we love him for that. I would go check this one out because it gets everything that happened in October in like a five minute read. And it's a very fun read too. So that's absolutely amazing. Yeah, we love AG. What else? We've mostly been focusing on the grant system. So now, as Seb said earlier, we are currently at three grants awarded. There's a couple more in the pipeline. I think you'll see another one or two by the end of next week. And yeah, I think our grant recipients are doing a great job so far. Preballin, we had a call with him and his biz dev, and they have just such an amazing vision that they really want to execute on. And the biz dev is so smart. Preballin, I know you're in the audience, but Dom is so smart, man. Like, I just have such faith in them and their capabilities because he understands everything. He understands the game here. He understands Web3. And even better, he has so many connections in Web2. So I think they're absolutely going to kill it. JuicingFabiano have been grinding like madmen. In fact, they do have a stream after this that I think they're going to do weekly and talk to people about threads and content and such. I would definitely check that out if you have the time. Again, I would reach out to them to join that Twitter group because they are giving very pointed feedback that I think would... So the thing is, when you start out as a threader, you have no idea what you're doing. You're just kind of writing and you have to infer. It's like you're almost like blindfolded in a cave and you have to feel your way around. You have to be like, okay, you can't write the hook like this. Okay, you can't have three lines in the hook. You have to space it out. And like piece by piece, you're trying to figure out through experience what actually works. And with Juicing Fabiano, the good thing is they've been through all this like so many times before because they write a thread each every day, which I'll tell you is not easy at all. So if you want to make use of their experience, if you're interested in writing content threads in particular, definitely get involved with their initiative. They're very good and they really want to help. and then last but not least is wham aka the group behind d5 juke jam they just put out an episode today uh they're very consistent they're very hard working and they What I really like about them is they just kind of took up the banner and they ran with it. Because they just got the grant, but they're at seven episodes so far. And it's something that the team really loves. It's something the community really loves. They get amazing viewership every episode. And I'm very excited to see what they do with this grant. So that's what we're focused on. There's a couple more groups. I think all in all, we're talking to about 14 groups. I would say about two or three are right about there for a grant. So we'll roll those out in the next couple of weeks. Additionally, I do want to reiterate on the bounty that OG mentioned, the product demo bounty. That's something that we're collaborating with Uplink on. Just because Meow keeps requesting from us, oh, get the product demos. We need product demos. We need more product demos. So we originally put out a tweet asking people, expecting five to 10 people to reach out, like, hey, who does product demos? We got about 80 replies. So we knew it was not tenable to talk to all these people. We were... trying to set up a bounty of our own, but we came across OG. OG said, "Hey, we're actually setting up one, so we might as well collab on it." So there's still time to anchor that. I would highly recommend you do if you do make product demos. But yes, Seb, Kimo, or Morten, would you have anything else to add to our updates? Nothing too major. I think we're doing a final pass. on Joop.Eco, final design paths, see how that turns out, and then it'll pretty much be done and finished and go into maintenance mode. And I think that's pretty much it as far as other updates. Yeah. Okay. Nothing for me. Yeah, that's all good. Okay. Well, yeah, that's all the workgroup updates for the week. Now we'll go into audience questions. So guys, if you have any questions, please feel free to raise your hand. We'll let you up. Or if you don't want to talk, just post it in the chat and I'll read it on your behalf. But yeah, now's the time to ask questions. After questions, we'll let up our musical guest and we'll wind things down. Okay, Irish, you have a question for you. How can I help the community to join the DAO? DAO is a small contract that Joe is a smart contract dev who wants to do dev work for the DAO. Yeah, I spoke to him a while ago. You need... Yeah, yeah. Like I said, man, find other devs and stuff. Yap. Make a proposal. Yap some more. Double yap. Can I speak? All right. Can I speak? On the... Thank you for the opportunity. It's not a question, rather it's a suggestion. I think the Tube mobile app is a very nice app and it would be great if we should add the P2P option. on the app and also two factor authenticator. I don't know if my suggestion is okay for YouTube family. Yes, so you said effectively added P2P option and 2FA to the app is what you said? Yes, two factor authenticator. Okay, cool. Yeah, I can pass those suggestions on to the team. P2P option. Okay. Yeah, excellent. Anyone have any commentary on that? Because I wrote it down. I'll pass it over to the team. But OK, looks like Miria wants to come up. Hey, guys. I think Adeda kind of came up first, so she should probably go ahead. Oh, yeah. Hello, everyone. Jeyom, Amadidamola, Joke, once again. And once again, yeah, Situ, well, what on the piece that you wrote, I really found it interesting and insightful. So I'm a product designer and as I said earlier, I'm supporting the community with design solutions and I'm also looking forward to activating designers within the community to do the same. So for that, I've been sending out surveys to people to fill out, to let us know what they need, to understand their needs and to know how best to support them within the community. So if you're a designer looking forward to contribute to the DAO, Please reach out to me. Then also, I've been working on the redesign for the-- so I was wondering if this is a good time to do an A/B testing so everyone can see what has been going on in the background. I've been working on some-- Yeah, I can pull it up. It's pretty cool. I just got a chance to look at it. But I can show the redesign versus the one that she's done. And it's quite good. One second, let me switch to my computer. Okay, I have a question. Yeah, go ahead. Okay, I'm a student and I'm a director of social from my school. And I think I can organize a seminar. kind of larger boot section where students can, I can onboard them on the Jupyter mobile as with my position. So I don't know if I can get a grant for that. Yeah, so exactly what you're talking about. Yes, so I would speak to Soju because he's giving like just like micro grants to people doing exactly what you're talking about. So that would be the best place to go first. Okay, okay. Here's his Twitter. He's also in the Discord. If neither of those work, let me know and I'll get you in touch with him through Telegram. So yeah, just reach out to Soju. Please, can I get any Telegram, Andrew? Is it through our official Telegram, Andrew? Let me get his Telegram. Oh, okay. Yeah, you're right then. He has his Telegram in there. So yeah, I would just reach out. Just reach out on Telegram. The link is in the chat. If you have a look in the chat, there's a link to his ex and then a link to his Telegram. Yeah, it's in his bio. It's in his ex bio. It's in his ex bio. So yeah, just... All right. All right. I will send a DM on your Telegram. Leah, Kimo, would you want to show us? Yeah, so we have the current version of GeoPico, which is close to final in terms of content and whatnot, but it is not the prettiest. It's always good to have a second opinion on design things. So this is just stuff that I've pretty much eated together over the last few months. And then Eremola, did I say that right? Eremola? Adetimola. OK, cool. Perfect. Came back with this mockup, Figma mockup, which is much improved and much more exciting. So I'm going to be implementing a lot of this stuff over the next little bit. Pretty just-- just much prettier. And yeah, so quite happy with that. And much more functional as well. So yeah, that's pretty much it. Yeah, yeah, it's very cool. Yeah. Oh, it moves too. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, dude. Thank you for the feedback. Yeah, it's fantastic. Yeah. So yeah, that's pretty much it. I don't know if you want to talk about it at all. You're welcome to, but I think it quite well speaks for itself. Okay. All right. so for the for the i just um improved on not to the top so yeah because the current one is not so um noticeable so i made it more prominent so now today um I'm going to get started. So, to get started, I shortened the user journey. Right now, the one that is there has like three different tabs that you have to click on and click on. So, with all these ones, with the ones I just implemented, you can be able to just click on each of the tabs and it takes you to each of the pages for Jupyter Exhaust, Dell Media Keys, Dell Opportunity. So, for Dell Opportunity, which is right below, So I think of it is that you are in this space and then you are looking for opportunities, right? So the rocket is taking you to where the opportunities are. And then I put the green highlights behind the cards to just signify that opportunities within the DAO are gems. So yeah, for the cards, we need the cards for acronyms. So I didn't put the full definition here because it's going to be kind of like overwhelming for the users who have everything they want. So once you over over each card, you're going to get the definition for that. And I think that that's like a good user experience. If anyone has any feedback, I'm willing to like receive that feedback and, you know. implement them. So yeah, for the, I don't know if you can notice the stars at the background. So I made, I added the stars at the background to make it more, to make it consistent with what's in the Euro section. Then I added the frequently asked questions here. And yeah, and then I also make the background darker. because the current one is kind of like gray and it's not really bringing out the content. It's not really making any sense. So I put it on darker. And yeah, that's it. Perfect. Sweet. I love it. And then you had the experience B. Is this just more animation there? So yeah, it's the exploration of B, right? Yeah, yeah. Yes, that's the main difference. Okay, cool. Sweet. Yeah, I love it. What have you feedbacked for? I don't think I have any feedback. I like the experience. I want to build it. Thank you. Yeah, that's great. That's good stuff. When I don't have feedback, that makes me happy. I would just give a shout out to the Jupanjus guys. Irish, Saks, and Sachu. Because they gave me feedback when I was working on it. I was running these things through them. So yeah, thank you, Jupanjus. You did the work. You're welcome. I need to thank Kurt. Cool. Yeah, fantastic. Love it. I wish I had more to say, but actually I don't wish I had more to say. So, yeah. No problem. AG has some feedback. One minor suggestion, white font on light blue-green background is a bit hard to read and could be an issue for visually impaired cut-outs. That's a good point. That's something that we've been dropping the ball on, Jupiter-wide, for the longest time is accessibility. It's still not implemented in anything we do. Yeah, that's a good point. That's pretty-- I think that solves for the most part on Eco, except for these headers here. But I use a contrast checker to make sure that the contrast is significant enough. OK, that's good, yeah. For accessible stuff. But Jupyter-wide, no, that is not the case. But on Jupyter, I do have a contrast checker. There may be a couple that aren't there, but yeah. Webflow actually has a contrast checker for accessibility stuff built in. So I can show that. It's kind of cool. So could that be implemented in Adeda Merla's new design? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So like when you go in here, that's the learning system. It's in one of these things. There's like contrast checkers built in with Webflow in the audits section, which is cool. It'll tell you if something is not contrasty enough. Like I think if I go like this and... Go like this. Yeah, see the contrast ratio here when this is white? Fails. And so it's automatically... Oh, that's badass. Yeah, so then if I change it to black... If I change it to black, then boom, you have high contrast and you get a triple A. And it basically gives you scores based on how effective the contrast is, as you can see as I move the text here. So I always check that whenever I'm building most anything, which is pretty sweet. So yeah, already compliant across Jupyter Go stuff. So with that prototype gets built into production, you could use that as part of the workflow when you migrate. Yeah, exactly. It shouldn't take me too long, as long as I have the Figma file and whatnot. You'll probably get that prototype built in a day or two. Tony, what you got for us, man? Tony, what's your suggestion for us? He's giving us the cold shoulder. It's okay. We'll come back to them in a minute. But yeah, let's kick it over to Miria. Miria, what you got for us? All right. Yeah, yeah. So again, thank you for, I guess the shout out earlier, right, for Wham. I'm speaking for Wham right now. I wish the guys would come on sometimes, huh? Arrow WTP. Anyway, yeah, so we had our first episode that we kind of solo streamed earlier. Irish was helping a little bit. Thank you. Definitely missed Wake and Sax's yapping. But was wanting some feedback, I guess, because we do have, you know, another episode. like we spaced this out so that we'd have more time like within this week and the next to kind of make it better. So I think it would be great if we could find out like maybe some improvements we could do and like what do you think guys has been like the best way to gather feedback from the community? In the early days for Jupe & Juice, what I used to do is just jump into the CoC chat and add all the cats of culture and just say, give me feedback, give me feedback. I'm in the voice chat, give me feedback. And people used to contribute, to be fair, and they used to tell us. So, yeah, I mean, what you're doing now is the right thing, right? Jumping on office hours and asking for feedback. What would I say? Your intro video, right? Sorry, your intro still, the five-minute countdown. I don't think there was a... Oh, no, there was. It was my bad. I had it on mute. I was like, why is there no music? I had it on mute. It was my bad. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you've got music. Yeah. I mean, I just like the way it is. It's quite relaxed. I would like to see the other guys. I think that's because you guys are a team and it's always nice to like see everyone else. But I suppose you and Julian have been hosting it predominantly. So is there any future plans to get like RO or WTP on the actual show itself? I think at least on WTP's end, I know it's like directly in his workday. So it's part of a timing thing, like the Monday. And I know Arrow's doing a lot of this stuff behind the scenes now. Like he's also a very good, like I want to shout him out, is a very good engagement, like shiller. He's so good at it. He's such a good reply guy as well. So shout out to Arrow. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I guess we want to improve, right? Maybe we want to put more sections in. Do you think sections would be a good idea? Like putting in a little more structure? Like having... I would also say try and invest in a third party software that will allow you guys to do your screen shares like, uh, without the limitations of StreamYard because StreamYard screen shares are really, really bad. Right. And you guys are really honing in on a product. And so sometimes having a third party software that you're going to have to pay for, uh, will actually help us get what you're trying to show us on screen better. Right. Uh, It may even let you pre-record things so then you don't have to do it so live for some sections and other sections. I see Opaqs is saying use OBS, but there's a problem with that because where they're on StreamYard, they can't use OBS and StreamYard at the same time. Or maybe they can. Do you know if that's possible to use OBS and StreamYard at the same time for screen shares? No. You could broadcast from OBS. StreamYard has no plugins. You can't plug anything into StreamYard. But you could... Not really, to be honest. Not really. I've not used OBS. So the OBS angle is good if there's one person presenting. But it gets bad when you have more than one person presenting. StreamYard is really the only solution for multi-person hosting. where more than one person can manage the stream layout and such. I've done loads of tinkering with it. Do you know what all Uplink uses for screen shares? Because I'm pretty sure they use a third party. Yeah, they do. They use Slides. It's called Slides, I believe. Maybe look into these third-party tools for screen sharing, and I think that will help you up your game in terms of getting the product activity across on screen. That's probably a good bit of feedback I can give you for now. I think this stuff though could be good for if we ever do product walkthrough videos, like pre-recorded, because that would make more sense. It's more structured. Because the way the call goes, it's a little more organic, less planned. I write outlines out, but they're not always followed. So that's the problem with pre-recording the videos, putting in text, and preparing all of that. For live. Oh. Gotcha. I personally like the free flow of it. It's good. I think you should stay free flow. As long as you get the key parts of the product that you're demoing out, I think it's approachable and authentic that you do it the way you are. But obviously the same is not, that doesn't apply to recorded content. Yeah. Might be good for like if we when we do highlights to have like the little infographics added to the highlight video. That might be easier. Anyway, I guess the only other thing I had was like about the branding and about the graphics and the other content we've been putting out if you guys like it or not. Because I've just kind of been rolling with it. And honestly, some of the stuff I make, I feel like Arrow's like dying of cringe, but... We started doing like, and this is a very like taste orientated thing. We started with, you know, colorful backgrounds in the Jupe Dow theme using Jupe Dow colors, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And it's like, what matters is the content on the screen, not the background. So we've actually like all of the backgrounds out. But that's again, to our taste, like we're simplifying things. I think if the background during the content is too striking, it can be a little distracting. But I don't think there's anything wrong. I think it's a vibe-y. It's Fabian Holstein. I think it's good. I think it's good. I think people are sort of going to... The whole point of us in the early days using what we used was to differentiate ourselves from Uplink, right? Like Uplink did their thing and we did our thing and we were like the only, I suppose, streams or whatever you want to call it coming from the DAO itself. So we wanted to have like a clear distinction between us and them. Our style and our format of Jupe & Juice was very obvious. It was watchable, relaxed. There was no like time constraints on anyone. It is what it is. We just get up on stage and yeah. And so we wanted to get our personalities across and everything and that worked fine. But now we're... I suppose now we're sort of like getting paid for what we're doing and everything else. So we're really trying to hone in on the quality of what we put out as well. And I think you guys' branding, if it represents you, don't change it. If it represents you, that's fine. But also it's like very distinctive. So when I see a DeFi Dupe & Jam item, I don't think Uplink, I don't think Dupe & Juice, and that's great, right? Yeah. maybe in the future it will adapt you know when you guys if you end up being a fully fledged working group or trial working group whatever you'll you'll go through the uh evolution of of your branding and all the rest of it yeah but right now i think it's great like i don't i think it represents you guys like come on you're at the end of the show you're singing disney songs and stuff so it's really not it's not really about uh what we're doing it's it's it's fine what you're doing is great like it represents you guys and yeah maybe Aro thinks it's cringe but it it it for me it's not cringe and it makes sense to to to what we see the host Maria right we see you maybe not so much Julian it makes sense to you right as the person we see so I think it's fine honestly I think it's it's good Yep. All right. Well, thank you guys. Let's see if Arrow has a question because he's typing. Oh, it's the jokes. I'm so sorry. I'm sorry for all my puns and dad jokes. I'm not even a dad. We need puns and dad jokes in high supply, okay? Never stop them. We need cat sounds from Slog and dad jokes from you, okay? Never change. All right. Well, thank you guys for the feedback. I appreciate you all. Thank you. Jam, guys. What's up? Can you hear me? Jam. Yeah, so this is AJ Dominic. I just started following you guys. I haven't been on the space, but I have a question, please. Sure. So can you hear me? Yeah. Yeah, go for it. All right. It's concerning the Jupiter mobile app. I... I actually got it from the support team. So I wanted to go outside my local place to go and, you know, kind of street onboarding and something like that. So I don't know if it's possible for me to get it on the submission of the support team. I don't know if it will work that way. I just want to confirm. Which support team are you referring to? The Super Team. Super Team. Super Team. Super Team. Yeah, yeah. So I was just doing the mobile onboarding app, the mobile onboarding bounty there. So I wanted to go on street to do the stuff there. Since it's not kind of a boot stuff, I want to do it on street. I'm going to the marketplace where I normally do my offline work and I can just get people. Usually I have people that are into crypto space, people that are using the USDC to make transfers and the rest. So I don't know. IRL content is sick, bruh. Do some and show people. That's my advice. Do some and show people. Yeah, yeah. Good to go, right? I guess, Adrian, what are you asking in particular? Are you asking about an existing bounty? Are you asking about something that you're interested in doing? What in particular here? Yeah, I haven't done it though, but I'm just talking about the bounty right now because the bounty is saying about boot stuff and, you know, boot is kind of setting up stuff for you to, you know, onboard people that are interested, right? So I'm just not going to do the boot stuff. I'm going to go out on the street and put people that are into the crypto stuff to learn how to use the Jupyter mobile app. That's what I'm saying. Okay, really quick, just like I told Tony Crypt, if you're interested in onboarding people in that one-on-one style, I would reach out to Soju here as well. I just posted his Twitter in the chat. Go to his Telegram in the bio, and he might set you up with a small grant. So yeah, reach out to Soju. All right. Who are you referring to, AJ? I think he's talking about the grants, the grant system, I imagine. So you're not talking about a Super Team Bounty? You're talking about a Juper Bounty? It's on the Super Team platform. There's a Bounty on the Super Team platform that is on the mobile onboarding Bounty. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, that was it. That was it. So, and also I wanted to know when it's coming to Android because I think... Yeah, we do. Siong, the co-founder, he's said several times it's potentially this month, but you know, things always happen with development. It could be next month. So I would be comfortable saying probably by the end of the year, but potentially this month. Oh anytime's ready we are ready. Yeah we're ready dude. I have an Android like a lot of like I think the US is the only place in the world um surprisingly aside from North Korea that has predominantly iOS um look it up I actually saw an infographic about this the other day the rest of the world is mostly Android for the most part so yeah when Android I want to know this from some of my buddies that are using the app that they're like, can you just get something that, you know, like kind of close the part where you show your money that you kind of put something that is like, I don't know how to describe it though, but it's like, you know, something that can just close your money. Hello? Yeah, yeah, yeah. What do you mean by that close your money? What do you mean by that? I mean to just hide your dashboard, that's what I mean. Oh, because you don't want like other people seeing your dashboard? Like when you have your phone out? You know, when you just enter in the app, you just go straight to your dashboard, right? So when you show your dashboard to friends, just kind of, you know, hide the balance and, you know, that kind of stuff. The feature there, I think, is somehow necessary. Interesting. So yeah, what I would say to you is like when you reach out to Soju for that grant, I would bring this up as well to him. A lot of things though, I just read them down. Yeah, yeah, that's good. That's all good. I'm sure Soju will be very glad to hear this feedback. I know they're looking for feedback. Okay, is Hisotrio on Twitter, right? I can just give the info. Yeah, here's the link to Hisotrio. I'll post it once again. In his bio is his Telegram. I can post, let me see if I can post that directly. But here's his Telegram. Reach out to him on Telegram. That's where he's more responsive. I just linked to Telegram directly, so right there. We are past the hour now and I want to be very mindful of people's time because I know Josie and Fabiano's thing is like in a minute or so. So I'm going to assume there's no more questions and I think we can let our special musical guest Yashton on. So Yashton, if you want to come up, raise your hand and we'll let you sing a song. All right, he raises his hand. But yeah guys, that's it for the office hours pretty much. If you want to stay for Yashden to sing us out, please, you're free to do so. But yeah, take it away man. Yeah. So guys, I'm going to sing Justin Bieber's Stay because that music is really good and it will bring the vibes in this fucking server. So let's fucking go. Let's do it. Yeah. Yeah, whenever you're ready man. It's all you. I do the same thing I told you that I never could, no, we got changed. Even though I know I never could, know that I can. Nobody has the good in you, I need you to stay, need you to stay. I get drunk, wake up, I'm extensive. I feel alive, I feel alive. I'd be fucked up if you can't be like it. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. I'd be fucked up if it can't be right, ayy I do the same thing I told you that I never would, not even change Even though I know I never could, not that I can't And nobody has the good as you, I need you to stay, need you to stay, ayy I do the same thing I told you that I never would, not even change Even though I know I never could, nobody has the good as you, I need you to stay, need you to stay, ayy Then I'm away from your mistrust, ayy You're the reason I believe in love It's been difficult for me to trust I'm afraid that I'll fuck it up Ain't no way that I can leave you stranded Cause you never let me empty-handed And you know that I know that I can't live without you So let me say Oh wow, oh wow, oh wow That's it guys. Yeah. Thanks for singing us out once again. We got it on the high notes. I appreciate you, Yashton. Cool. So yeah, I think we'll wind things up. You should change your name to that. That's funny. That's good. I look forward to your song next week and I look forward to everyone else showing up next week and I look forward to the work group updates next week. Until then, I will see you guys next time.