Feedback stream in about 30 minutes. So we're just going to do a truncated office hours. I think, I mean, the vote is very obviously going on. That's probably the main topic people want to talk about. So I think maybe we skip the work group update section. We just go straight to Q&A with the audience. If anyone wants to come up and yap about the votes or any thoughts they might have. What do you guys think? Yeah, that makes sense. Let's go. Sounds good. Yeah, sounds fun. Okay, so yeah guys, if you want to come up and talk about the ongoing vote, the GPOA vote, just raise your hand, we'll let you up. Or if you're a bit shy, just ask your question in the chat. But yeah, regardless of your position, make sure you guys go and cast your vote. Have you guys all voted yet? Has everyone voted? I'm still thinking, bruh. I have not voted. Oh man, we all haven't voted? Yeah, I'm waiting for more. To know more. Yeah, I'm gonna wait till after the Q&A, I think. Okay, we have a couple people raising their hands. Let's let them up. What's up, Satchel? Hey, sorry I was late. All good? But yeah, we have a... we have an audience member up here better call soul what you got for us man ah so hey nothing much man i've been spending some time in the discord and also on twitter i think one common point that everyone says is oh you know what if you would know there'll be a lot of cell pressure but my perspective on this again it's my opinion i can obviously be wrong i am most likely wrong i don't know but Why is sell pressure even a thing for Jupiter when the team has clearly outlined a multi-year product roadmap? They've done everything possible to reiterate that they're always aligned not only on the product but also on the token side, right? With the 30% burn, upcoming burn, and that's one more point people are missing. So I believe keeping these three points in mind, two points in mind, my vote is definitely going to be a yes for one obvious reason that will be that we onboard a lot more, not many people who will help us propagate the idea of Jupyter on X and every social media possible, which will naturally drive the growth of the product while the team will manage the product side that is by shipping new features, It's fascinating how quickly you launched a meme coin based trading platform, Ape.trade. I've been using that a lot. So it's very clear that Jupiter is not only your DEX anymore. You guys will align with what the market wants. So based on that and based on everything that you guys have done in the past one year, my vote is a clear yes. So just wanted to share my thoughts on this and yeah, nice to chill with you guys. I can shed a little light on that phenomenon. It's a psychological phenomenon. It's called temporal discounting, temporal meaning time. And what it means is like the further you go out in time, the less real consequences become. So like if you can abstract that, like say in two years with Jupiter's roadmap and the amount of innovation that's happened this year, and you try to extrapolate that amount of growth, to most people that's less real than the immediate cause and effect consequences. just on a psychological level, the way they, it's called temporal discounting. They discount as you go further out the consequences or the abstraction that you can extrapolate to, if that makes sense. Yeah, it does make sense. But I come from a traditional finance background as well. I do a lot of investing into stocks. So at this point, the scale at which Jupiter is, I see it as a proper well-structured company, right? So... Yeah, the way I see it is my decision would be based on the future prospect of Jupiter, which looks... Man, we are probably the best run DAO that there is in the entirety of crypto. I've been a part of so many projects, but I've not seen anything that is so decentralized. I think this is probably the first DAO that is really, you know... made sense of the word DAO. Otherwise, there were a lot of shitty things being done in the name of DAO, right? So I'm very happy to be part of this DAO structure. And also, I'm super excited for what Jupyter. So that's my way of evaluating Jupyter. It's a typical evaluation of a company sort of thing. But yeah, I do get your point. That makes a lot of sense. Yeah, and I'm sure with that financial background that you have, you've seen things like play out over time. So you have a better guess of the trajectory of things than probably the average person who lacks that background, if I had to guess. Oh, I think you're just being humble, bro. yeah did you have anything else for us any questions comments no no i'm good i'm just excited for what's coming up in the next three to six months cats and bull the burn yeah and so let's fucking go guys let's go yeah thanks for coming up man um yes we have some other audience members up here now so i'm gonna go over to them uh bella what you got for us Hi, while maybe a temporary dump on the tokens, I think it's a bullish dump since all those that doesn't want to hold are out of the community. While those believers will absorb the price impact since long-term dupe is about PPP. And when you factored 30% burn of dupe, tokens jupe is severely undervalued at the current price and is a bargain for new community members to buy in financial advice yeah i don't want to comment too much on the financial aspect of things but i mean that's that's possible very much possible yeah i will absorb it yeah give me your jupe Sax, did you say you'll absorb it? I would personally. Sax, we're holding you to that now, by the way. You heard it here first, folks. Sax is going to absorb all of it. He's like a sham wow. First Jupe billionaire, I think, will be Sax, probably. Let's hope. Congratulations, Sax, on your billions of Jupe. Jupe and juice. Fair point, Bella. Did you have anything else for us? Any questions or did you want to further elaborate or anything? I'll think. Yeah, sure. Sure. Hang up here. In the meantime, let's go over to Marcelo. Marcelo, what you got for us, man? Hey, thanks for letting me talk. I had a question. So I'm kind of new to Jupiter. The decks my project is listed on is partnered with Jupiter. But when it comes to the voting, like the voting that just happened recently or it's happening right now, is there any way to see how many people are voting and how many votes there that are coming from individual wallets? Or is it just like binary, like it just tells you what was the outcome? You can see the number of votes currently on the vote page itself. If you are tech savvy, you can also pull and extrapolate the outcome to a Dune dashboard. I know a couple people do that. If you're asking, can you extrapolate who voted what, which vote voted what, I believe so. And sometimes people do present those analytics, but they're rare moments in between, like Does that answer your question? Yeah. Are you kind of asking, like, which direction, like, certain, like, are you talking about, like, whale votes, kind of? Yeah, so that was leading to my next question was, do you know, like, would you say, so correct me if I'm wrong, but doesn't one Jupiter equate to one voting power? Yes. Do you know, like, the average of... The average votes per person, what that usually is around? We get that data from a team member named YY. He gives us that data maybe once every quarter around the time when the ASR is dispersed, and we write a thread on all of that data. We've done that twice now. We might not have the specific metrics you're looking for, but we do have a decent amount of... data. If you're kind of hinting at do the whales tend to vote with the rest of the community? For the most part, what we've seen is yes. For this vote, will they break that? I'm not sure. We'll have to see if that's what you were kind of going towards. If not, please feel free to follow up. Yeah, I was just asking more so what that average number is to see what amount of votes is required to actually have an impact on the Yeah, like pretty much like if my vote's going to make a big difference or not. Unless I would say like, unless you have millions and millions, um, it probably won't, but that's not because of whales. It's just cause there's a lot of, uh, millions of juke. It's so like, you know, my vote won't make a big difference, uh, in the grand scheme of it. But I would say that like, as far as Dow's go, whales don't actually have very much influence either. Um, like there's no single whale that can swing a vote in any meaningful capacity. Um, I don't even think there's, I don't know what the, there's the top three holders metric, but like it's, it's very difficult for whales to swing any of these votes. That's pretty well distributed. Um, granted, I think one of the things to consider is like, what is the average voting weight? There's a lot of people who are like, there's probably a few different people who have spread all their, uh, votes out across many, many wallets as an attempt to sort of gain it. Uh, it doesn't give them anything, but that was a thing we were dealing with a while back. Uh, yeah. Got it. And then since I'm new here, what is y'all's main, what's like the main mission of this community? Like what is, yeah. I was just going to get him the quarterly report because we do. Oh, yeah. That's a good thing we do as the CWG. That's Kimo there. That's me. That's Morton. And that's Seb at the bottom. C2, he goes by. We put out a quarterly report every three months about our particular working group, the core working group, where we kind of update what we see as the vision of the DAO. I can just read verbatim what we wrote this time and then Kimo can touch on whatever he wanted to touch on. But The original goal, which was outlined for the DAO, was to expand the Jupeverse and Solana as a whole via funding workgroups and distributing grants. That was kind of the on paper definition of the DAO. This later on included the empowerment of active cadets to align themselves with this expansionary goal. So adding a degree of alignment to that. Now, three months later, we see an opportunity to add depth to this vision. We believe that the purpose of the DAO is to become a positive feedback loop, which creates the abundant circumstances where lifting others up lifts up the entire whole. So kind of that PPP feed-forward cycle, I guess, is sort of the vision of the DAO. Kimo, if you want to touch on anything? Yeah, I would say like kind of in practice, the primary function of the DAO is to keep Joop very, very relevant at all times. So that means, you know, doing some like essentially decentralized comms, like decentralized marketing, like we've got all sorts of people working on different things, but it's all towards a common goal. Yeah. all towards a common direction of keeping it sort of top of mind because everything in crypto, you know, tends to cycle and attention. It's transient, right? It's super transient. So our job is just to keep it super relevant, keep it super topical. And yeah. That makes sense. Yeah, that's cool because I know it's kind of rare for these, there's not too many communities like this, it seems that exist that operate directly under crypto. Yeah, these like dApps or DEXs or KEXs that are made to represent the actual community and not the... Yeah, whoever they work for, pretty much. It's worth mentioning that a lot of the things we do are ethos-driven. So the COG, which is the team that I'm working with, we have worked with the community to create an ethos. And so the goal is really to uplift the values of Jupyter and Cadets and push them out of the ecosystem. So there's a bunch of different facets to that, but it is very values-driven, if that makes sense. Yeah, no, that makes total sense. That's cool. This is nice. That's a perfect segue to us. Thanks, Cass, legend. And part of what Joop and Juice does is help to introduce the community to the YLAIT ecosystem as well. So it's like we're at the bottom of the funnel. Uplink is at the top of the funnel. CatDev is facilitating all of it, empowering people. It's all working together to get voices in and out of the DAO all talking about Joop, bruh. Kino put it really well, like stay relevant. I actually hadn't heard you say that before. That's a banger. How long has this community been around? Oh, since January. What would you say is the most exciting thing that the community has found so far since then that's happened? Yeah, with this group. Yeah. I'll answer, I guess, in a very generic way. I've been working in and around DAOs with chemo for the last three years on Solana. And what happens is that DAOs typically fizzle out in the first month. You have that initial burst of excitement. And then for whatever reason, people go to other... alternative things. There's always people competing for your attention, other platforms and communities competing for your attention. What really surprises me most about this community is the fact that we're like 10 months, 11 months into this experiment and we're at the most activity we've ever had still and it's even increasing. So to me, that's a really strong sign. Even though like this particular vote is a little contentious, the fact that we still have so many people who care And we might even have more people who care than ever at this time. I know it's a very generic answer, but I'll let maybe Kimo, Seb, or Morten get a more specific event for you. Yeah, that's great. I like it. It's just super clear and concise. Yeah. One thing is the working groups. There's a lot of people in my contributing group. on a daily cadence to the DAO in the form of working groups or trying working groups or whatever. So I think that's a really cool and big thing to be honest, that we managed to collectively organize ourselves utilizing the Joop token as a governance vehicle and decision maker to do meaningful things towards the same mission. So that's really cool. So right now there's about 35 people between the grant groups and the working groups and like getting five people to work in a coordinated manner for Dow is like a miracle. So the fact that we have 35, this is like pretty crazy, at least to me. Why is it? Would you say that that's also true just in a. communities, crypto communities in general or just DAO specifically that, you know, it's hard to get a large group of people to work together well. Like more than you have five. It's definitely crypto communities. Yeah. Why do you think that is? Why aren't more people willing to work together? because this entire space is based around like speculative investment, which is not usually a time-based investment, right? Like it is in the, like you hold something and for a certain amount of time, but it's not work for the most part. Like this, this, I wouldn't say crypto filters for people that want to work. It filters for people who usually don't want to work. Right. Like the idea of most crypto is that you can buy something and the monies go up. It's not, you can make money doing work. And so, By and large, the people who have entered this space are not here to work. They might have a real job that that's what they're doing, a day job, whatever you want to call it, that they're going to go and do that. But when they join these things, it's, I think, pretty few and far between where they want to work in a long-term capacity. You might get, like Slorg said earlier, like a... burst of energy or a burst of creative output or whatever it might be for a little bit but that's like a whim often i agree with you 100 the thing that surprises me though is i know one of the things men like doing specifically is building things and i know the crypto demographic is compromised to primarily men and that's why it surprises me that even like all the crypto guys out there that are you know, women too, but I'm just saying men, cause it's a large percentage. Um, you know, if they're not wanting to build together, because, you know, like when everybody works towards one common goal, like, you know, goals are attained a lot more often and yeah, just bigger and better things are done. So that's why, you know, even in a place where things are being built, um, it kind of surprises me that still, um, yeah, people don't want to, yeah, just like, Yeah, all like work together. I mean, so I would say that also as a cohort of people, for sure, people do want to build things. However, most of the time people want to build their own thing. And that's a very different thing. Yeah, but it's like you can either go fast alone or go far together, you know? Right, yeah. But like a lot of people believe that their ideas are the best ideas and oftentimes their ideas, you know, they don't necessarily have to be. But what that leads to is you get people thinking like, ah, well, you know, I could go and contribute to this thing or I could work on my own idea. And most people are excited to work on their own ideas and that's fine. But it does lead away from... I guess, collective action most of the time. It's like people's curiosities lie more with the things that they want to work on their own ideas than that does as sort of like their ideas as a part of something bigger. From all y'all's experience in this space, like the community building, whether it be around DAO or any type of crypto community, what in y'all's opinion has been like the top, um, the most successful community similar to this and that last, that was like the strongest and lasted the longest before it, um, it died out like over the past, um, four years or so, would y'all say like any specific community pops up in y'all's head? I'd say Nounsdale, um, on ETH. They had a really good run for a long time. And what made that one so good or why did that one attract so many people? Well, it wasn't that it attracted so many people. It actually attracted not that many people. They had like a sort of an auction and they still have an auction every day for their NFT and stuff. They basically are adding one person a day, and that's like a very interesting approach to governance because you're sort of slower than everybody else who sort of shotgun blasts an entire community together. So that worked pretty well up until it didn't. What about MonkeyDAO? Yeah, MonkeyDAO to a certain degree, but also not. I mean, they're still gunning it. They're still doing cool stuff. What about Cabindow? You usually bring up Cabindow, Kima? Yeah, Cabindow is really cool. So Cabindow has been working for, I think, two years on this idea of decentralized cities. And they have a governance token, but the governance token doesn't mean you have to, like, you can be a part of Cabindow without having any of the token. The idea there is that, like, okay, can you set up like a cabin in Austin and then have sort of Web3 membership? uh as an access to that and then can there be another cabin put down another cabin but down everybody sort of works together to build out little nodes across the world i think they've got like a hundred different nodes now um different like uh network states and things where they're like okay this is the next you know piece of our decentralized city um and that just kind of Like the motivation there is less financially motivated. And so it allows for people to collaborate a little bit more, especially when things get financially rough, like the bear market or whatever, everybody still wants to hang out and, you know, go into a cool location somewhere and maybe live there for a little bit. So they've got like nodes in Austin and in Colorado and they've got a little like, there's a crew that bought an abandoned city in Japan and are now converting that into a place to live. And so I think that's a really good example as well. Although I haven't checked in in a long time, but all of the Cabindow people are still active and around and have been for years now. Yeah, I think like the red thread in what people call a DAO with the red thread of them being successful. A big part of that, and I can think about this now when Kimo was talking, a big part of it from my point of view is that there has to be something more than just token price go up or NFT floor price. It has to be a deeper meaning that everybody strives towards other than that. And if our community succeeds with finding that meaning for themselves, That's going to be the most important cultural rallying point for the DAO. Because otherwise it becomes like this very short-term, hyper-focused communities on token prices and whatever. That's never sustainable. Never. So finding that red thread for any DAO or communities is super important. And then, yeah, the identity is based upon that, the cultural identity within that community. So... That's just my take on it. So I want to answer your last question and this question. So that was how do DAOs fail and how do DAOs succeed? Really quick, though, I do want to solicit questions again. So guys in the audience, if you want to come up and talk about anything about the DAO or about the vote, please raise your hand. We'll let you up. But yeah, to give an answer, how do DAOs fail? I think there's a lack of points to adequately re-anchor people. I think the only thing that really brings everyone together in like a grand way is that initial token generation event. And the excitement from that is enough to hold people together for a month. Maybe two, but after that you have to figure out something else to do or people are just going to naturally drift apart. There has to be a recurring cadence or something or recurring events like the Jupiter Votes, for example, are a good example. They activate everyone in one moment once or twice a month and brings everyone back together like a gravity. I think that's important to have. Two, how do you deter people from leaving because of opportunity cost? There needs to be some sort of progression system so that the more you contribute, the more you can sort of progress along the DAO, and that's what Jupiter has with the grant system to become a trial, to become a full-fledged workgroup. And finally, we're competing for attention here. I think it's very obvious, especially in light of all that cum-fun stuff that's happening and that's taken to an extreme in 11th level, but... It's true for every platform and every community is that you're competing for attention in this attention economy, where it's probably the sharpest competition on planet Earth because of the hyper financialization aspect. And I think you have to be exciting enough. You have to have enough of a value proposition. You have to have enough of a long term vision that you can get people to actually buy into that transcends just token price alone. So, yeah, I think those are all important components. I see a couple of more people raising their hands. I'm going to let them up. OK, let's see. Let's go to Poise. Poise has been a while. So I'm going to go to you first. What's up, man? How are you? Can you hear me OK? Yep. I've been known to have a little bit of a scuffed mic on these calls. But yeah, great to be back on with you guys. And thank you for having me. Yeah, I wanted to talk a little bit about the vote and distribution, right? And kind of the – I think the supermajority is a fascinating mechanic for everything. And really it puts the team and everyone to the test, I think. So I think that is something I'm a huge fan of. Can you speak to the distribution and like – I think I'd feel like more comfortable voting yes if I knew kind of where and like what cohorts were being proportionally rewarded because then you can get a flavor for like kind of like those different cohorts, how much value they provide, and then the proportional share of the rewards that they would be receiving. Can you kind of like kind of expand on that? I also saw a fake or it wasn't fake. I shouldn't say fake at all. It was actually a really nice community driven proposal, proposal, I believe, kind of like sectioning out those cohorts. Can you kind of expand on that a little bit? Where'd you find that, by the way? You didn't accidentally find our proposal, because we actually mocked up our own jupuary as the CWG. Last night, it's unlisted right now, but we did that kind of as a thought experiment internally. You didn't happen upon that, did you? It's called a mock jupuary? Maybe. Oh, that's funny. oh okay you were supposed to see that yeah we didn't release it to anyone actually Kima forgot to unlist it for like two seconds so it's possible you found it if it was please confirm I threw it in the town hall chat I'm glad that I have I hear a ringing okay no that's not ours but yes I threw oh okay yeah I guess that was like a community proposal yeah So yeah, I'll answer your question in a few ways. One is that this vote was the team's vote. We actually do not have too much more information than the community, even as the CWG. The second thing is we actually did create our own mock-jew proposal. It's unlisted. I'm not sure if we're going to release it or not. But we came up with our own distribution mechanism. In regards to the current one, Miao has said a few things that I can relay. He said that, one, he wants to keep the vote, quote-unquote, pure and prevent people from voting for giving themselves tokens directly. He's also stated that the distribution will be inclusive and tried to include multiple groups within the community. And the third thing is he said is that he wants to do what's best for Jupe. Ideally, what does that translate to in terms of actual policy? I don't know exactly. Uh, that is the information we do have though. Yes. Cause I believe the current like question in the air is like, will stakers and voters get, uh, Get rewards. And I think kind of like the rebuttal that is very valid is that stakers and voters just got ASR rewards. Um, and kind of just like, I don't want to kind of speak through that too long winded. I don't know if this is the correct like stage for that, but you know, just really quickly, like, um, you know, they did just get ASR rewards. Right. But does that mean that they shouldn't get jupuary rewards? It's, I think it's an interesting question that like, you know, that's like probably a team and or community decision, but like that, I think is the current kind of like question in the air. Right. About kind of like the amounts that everyone will get and the stakers and voters kind of where they will land. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. I see it too. I see it a lot too. And I think it's, it's a, isn't that there's psychological phenomenon. It's called the Zygernick effect. I believe. And it's like when there's an unresolved like tension or unresolved question that goes unanswered, like it's at the top of people's minds. I think that's what's going here. Like, Oh, do stakers and voters get it? I think it's the obvious question to ask. And it's just an answer we don't have. Although the language that we were given is that the distribution will be inclusive to multiple groups. Yeah, and I would be personally surprised if it didn't. And I do want to throw you guys some flowers. Like, whenever I have a question, and I think a lot, like, whenever the community has a question, we're quick to go on the timeline and, like, cry and or, like, emotionally partially shill our bags or just, like, a principle or a point. But every time I've done that, I've, like, hopped into the Joop server, and you guys are in here talking and fielding questions. And then I requested to speak, and you guys put me up in one second. So I think that's, like, really... really, really important aspect of this. And I really have to thank you guys for that because I think it's a really important aspect of this. So I really thank you for bringing me up. And I also look forward to further transparency on that distribution, because again, kind of looks like mirroring what I said before and kind of like what you were saying. I do think like how much each of those cohorts is rewarded is a very important thing, you know, and it's something that's on top of mind for people, right? Like, oh, should I have been creating all this volume with perps or should I have been... staking and X, Y, and Z. Cause people are love like kind of that. And someone brought it up before, like with opportunity costs, it's like, right. What was the opportunity cost of me being staked versus trying to like trade the bag versus staking and voting. Right. So I think that's kind of like a fascinating thing and everyone wants to see where they land, right. Cause it also affects token price and kind of tokenomics into the future. So anyway, I know I'm kind of a little bit more of a long winded thinker, but again, I thank you guys for having me. And, uh, Yeah, go Joop. And thank you guys for doing this. This is really awesome. Yeah, no problem. Thanks for coming up. Go Joop. Hello? Can you guys hear me? Yep. Treatmentus, what you got for us, man? Yeah. Am I echoing? Because I feel like I'm in the empty space. No, you're good. You're good. Okay. Yeah, so the thing with me regarding this whole Dripwater thing is I just want to understand why do we have to vote? Like, um... Why do we have to vote if at the end of the day, if at the end of the day, our vote is not like really taken into consideration if it doesn't favor us what the team wants. Because right now it looks like the team, everyone is basically pushing for Drupal, which I'm not against. I'm with it. No, I voted yes and everything. But, but, yeah. Yeah, but my concern is like Mia was saying in the proposal, like, oh, if this doesn't pass, uh we're gonna have to reconstruct another one like should it be that way i mean like it's more like my like i have a girlfriend when she says something like oh you know what you can make uh put an input on how to design the house and everything then i give her my suggestions and everything but at the end of the day she throws it out the window and just go ahead and does what she wants that's how this whole thing is looking looking uh looking like for me so yeah um what do you guys think about um that area of the vote like When the community is asked to decide on something and then the community finally decides, let's say it doesn't favour us what the team wants, the team then go ahead and reconstruct the thing again. So at this point, I don't really think the community has a say. And me and Jupiter, our whole team can just go ahead and do what they want instead of asking the community to vote. The vote is saying, are you comfortable with there being two more Jupiter A's? If you are, say yes. If you're not, say no. If you say no, they'll then reiterate on the proposal. The team isn't saying like, we're just going to do what we want. That's not my understanding anyways. We do have a team member up on stage. So Julian, would you like to field this one? You could probably answer more eloquently than I can. Yeah, yeah. I think it's actually the opposite, right? In a sense, because the first vote is really meant as like a blank slate, so to speak. Because if you look at what was kind of like soft promise in a sense, right? I think back in January as well, when Jupiter and Miao first talked about like Jupiter as a whole, you know, there were certain things said about having multiple Jupiteries. And also at a point it was actually having each of them being like 1 billion in airdrop sites, right? So I think around June, I think it was mentioned that the DAO actually have to vote on it, right? And I think after that, there was also the burning, like 30% burn thing that was kind of planned. And as the first of the three, as the first of the series of the three J4J votes, right? which is the 30% cut in, the 30% burn in total supply, which addresses some of the emissions concerns and the kind of sound effect from the So essentially, I think the idea here is that the current proposal is really, really like starting from the blank slate from what was initially kind of mentioned about Drupal 3. And I think from there, you know, it's like Mel is saying, like, let's hear from the voters. Let's hear from the DAO members. Let's get their views collected via, you know, this feedback platform. comments that was just kind of created, you know, to kind of really get the sentiment from every single kind of voter that has voted. in this proposal, right? So kind of to get the sentiments here, the voices here, and then Meow can take this feedback and go back and really construct a very good proposal that brings in this community sentiment, the community feedback, and everything together, right? And I think... Sorry. And I think that's going to be really powerful in the sense that... that's going to be very powerful in the sense that it actually also showcases how much voters matter and how much like jup matters in that sense, right? Because you are actually using your jup as a governance token to really like shape these outcomes here, right? It's not just like, hey, you know, everybody can just like voice their views at anything and then we just like make changes off the bat, right? So right here is really voters using the vote as a platform to make their voices heard and submitting their feedback. And then we go through the iteration process for the stakers, for the voters, you know? Yeah. So I think that's where this is coming from. Yeah. All right. Thank you guys. Hey everyone. GM? JM actually. What's up? Oh, I'm fine. So I wanted to sort of like link the question that Treadmonds was asked with Dow Jones, right? And still like, support what you said. So in terms of Treadmonds asking why people have been asked to vote, right? So in my opinion, I feel like people want to be like a part of something, something that is kind of like bigger than them. And I feel like people love to be as far like, communal living. People like to be decision-makers. People like to take part in their own living. They like to take charge of some situations. So I think that this voting is a way to even make the DAO grow bigger and even better. I think I like what Shibuta is saying about that. Yeah, so another thing about DAO's growth that someone asked, I can't recall if we said that now, is that you know, beyond tokens, beyond the technical aspect, because I won't be speaking much about technical aspects, is that a way for Adao to grow is to still look for opportunities, bring people together to learn. The idea of the work groups, I mean, I like what Jupp and Juss are doing. Right. I started joining their space a couple of weeks ago and with what they've been, with the kind of discussion that we're having on their space, it has been so amazing that I can't wait to attend every episode that they have. And I think that this is a great. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. So that's what I wanted to say. that's my contribution okay as you just send me your wallet address so i can pay you for that yeah we'll pay you for that uh later on no it's all pre-arranged that's what i'm gonna send it yeah yeah on that note on the notes i wanted to make an announcement So myself, I'll be hosting a design workshop with Kimu in collaboration with Jujupanjo's voice in the next four weeks. it's going to be one per week so we're going to be um improving on what japan just already has in terms of design we're going to be um working on their brand guideline um working on their landing page and also building it so if you are a designer or if you are looking to learn and see about design please refer to up on this piece it's going to be on one assist the time is not yet fixed it's still very very tentative so yeah thank you okay cool Thanks for coming up. I see the stream has not yet started. I believe it's going to start within the next 10 minutes, so I think we can still field questions. If anyone wants to come up and ask anything about DAOs, the votes, work groups, anything, please raise your hand. If you're a little shy, just post your question in the chat. I have a question. Yeah, what's up, Derek? I was about to call you, but yeah, Derek, what you got for us? So, So my question basically is what do you guys think needs to change in the second vote for it to pass? Like what's the main thing people vote no for? Because I think it's like pretty much the people voting no are pretty much the people who are staking and don't think they will get a reward for it. But like when will they be happy? What do you guys think? I think this is my personal view. I just think some people want like a degree more of certainty. And that doesn't mean necessarily specific allocations, nor does it mean like declaring like which group gets which allocations. But I think even just a simple bifurcation of like, all right, what's platform to non-platform ratio, for example, things of that nature, just like a step more certainty, I think is what most people are looking for. But that's just my opinion. I could be wrong. Yeah, I have issues with two main things, I think. I voted yes, but I think the main criteria why people are voting no is because on one side, they think they will not get an airdrop for staking. And on the other side, I think they're very scared of dilution. But... Like, I don't know how this could be changed, but yeah, for now, the vote doesn't seem in the favor of yes. Yeah, I guess does anyone else up here have any takes on in the event that the vote does not pass, what could make it pass next time around? Clarity. Yeah, I think I was going to say, I think determining why it didn't pass is kind of going to be the hardest kind of parameter to figure out because I think a lot of people have a lot of different reasons. So like, how do you know which lever to pull to try and make it pass? And like, is that lever that you pull too much? Do you pull it too much the next time and then you have to go back and like release it a little bit more? Like how does this iteration process like kind of get, like what's the most efficient way to approach this, I guess? Yeah, but that's the good part about like the feedback you can give when you're voting no. But like for now, more than 50% of everyone is voting no. So there needs to be some... How do you know that, sir? You can check that. Oh, so you're in a dashboard? I'm in a what? So that's actually like happening, right? I'm monitoring the votes. So you're saying that's the case right now? Sorry, what? Where are you getting these figures from? From doom someone created the thing and I can't you can okay. That's what we're asking them That's fine, so you get yeah, so that's a fact right now Interesting I am I believe it is actually Yeah, you can. I tried like two votes. I voted for no and for yes. Like I changed the vote. You can see in the transaction some value change from one to two when I voted no. Yeah, it's possible that get the deal. It's possible. Yeah. Yeah. So someone created a doom thing so you can check. And right now there's 53 million votes for no and 45 million for yes. That's pretty tight. Yeah, well, we need 70%, so... Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's a no. That's why I said, like, we're far off. No, it makes total sense. There's still a lot of votes, though, to be submitted, I think. And you can change your vote, too, I believe, so... Well, let's hope some people do it. And it's worth mentioning, right, that, like, this is often, like Julian said earlier, there's a lot of feedback that'll come from this. And so it could be that there's a few big tweaks people want to see that will change how they feel about it, right? So it's worth mentioning that, like, it's not final. And ultimately, yeah, the community gets to decide. So, yeah. you know, we can continue to iterate and kind of go from there and we'll just see what happens. You know, it can be, I think it'll ultimately be pretty organic. Right. So, um, yeah, sure. I hope like the feedback does a lot for default, but like right now, uh, I just calculated it. There's 46% for yes. And like, it's a big gap that needs to be filled. So like if it was only 10% or something, um, You know, it would be easier to change something and like make everybody happy. But right now it's it's a big percentage. I think, too, it needs to be reemphasized that just because like let's say in the case it doesn't pass, that doesn't mean that there is not going to be a jupiter. It just means there'll be another vote. Yeah, yeah, I know. But, like, the thing I'm, like, thinking about right now is, like, there needs to change a lot because the gap is so big. And also, like, Miao made the 70%, like, has to vote yes for it to pass because he doesn't want division. But also, like, if... it ends up being no and the second float also ends up being no. And so there's no job you worry, I don't know how to pronounce it, but then people also will be like, you know, there will also be division in my opinion, because many people will be mad that there isn't a job you worry. Yeah, I just want to point out that this not necessarily needs to be a lot that changes. Because we have the feedback form. Right now, we don't know if there are multiple reasons why people are feeling the way they're feeling or if it can be aggregated down to a couple of key points. So we don't know yet. And I don't expect us to know until after the vote. But yeah, yeah. I mean, we have to look at the feedback before we see really if it's a lot or if it's a couple of key points that people are attached to. Yeah. Sorry, go ahead. Yeah, I think the two key points are people don't want their bags to be diluted and people want to be rewarded for staking. I think that's the main two things people are concerned about. But yeah, with the feedback, I hope it's going to be resolved and everybody can be happy and we can grow the pie. Love that. That's the main thing. main reason we have a jobuary right to grow the pie indeed indeed but did anyone else up here have an answer to his original question about potentially like in the event that it doesn't pass uh what could be done going forward I think clarity on uh allocations is like the general sentiment behind that Yeah, that would be my agreement. I think having more clarity around the facts or the figures of that would be helpful because then people like know what is going where. It's not like exactly, but to a degree. We answered similarly. So I'm wondering, like, how granular do you feel that needs to be? Like, how specific do you think like that those figures need to be exactly for people to be satisfied? I'm sorry, are you asking me? No, no, no. I'm asking Kimo. I'm asking Wake, who answered clarity. They both answered clarity, so I'm wondering if they can elaborate. I mean, enough for people to know what they're voting for, I guess. Enough for people to know who gets what. It doesn't have to be down to the percentile. Well, actually, a percentile would probably be required, to be honest. But like a pie chart, bruh. That's what people want. That we're going to get something is... Clear as that. But, yeah. The fact is, is that we will never please everybody. That's just not going to happen. Yeah. Yeah. I think there's also like just in the structure of the vote, some the idea that sort of we have to revote. It'll be interesting to see how that played out. I'm somewhat excited for it. However, there is like the potentiality of getting into sort of like perpetually revising stuff. So I guess we'll see what that how that turns out. That's what, yeah, that kind of worries me. Right, because there's always going to be someone who's upset and be very loud about being upset. I don't know how, I don't know, we'll see. Because it ends up being somewhat of like a, what's the word in parliament? When somebody just stands there. Filibuster? Yeah, like we get ourselves into like almost a, we could get ourselves almost into a filibuster situation, which is not ideal. Yeah. Yeah, ultimately, I think this vote is information, right? Like the biggest thing we'll get out of this is a lot of big conversations in general, a debate happening on Juke and Juice tomorrow, Q&A happening soon, and a revised version when and if this doesn't pass. So, I mean, there's a lot of things that can come out of it. And the biggest thing we'll get is feedback. So we'll just learn and we'll continue to learn and improve. you know, hopefully we get to something that everyone agrees on. And if we don't, then, you know, we have our answer too. And that's just, you know, the community has spoken. So, um, well, yeah. Yeah. Today I was thinking about a solution, like how can we have everybody happy, you know? It just started, I believe. Oh. So we're leaving here, I guess? I think we can wrap things up really quick. So feel free to give any concluding remarks and then we'll say a little bit. Yeah, I think we just... Yeah, we're just doing an intro. So feel free to... Yeah. can i say something real quick um sure anyone who has voted or is i don't know if you guys remember when this whole jupiter thing was being thrown around um recently um there was something like the the team was suggesting like oh if you want to claim you claim uh how much how much was it like you claim 25 and then the rest you don't get the rest if you want to claim fully And by that time, like even the whales and all that, they were like kind of in agreement with it. But then things started falling apart when the whole speculation of like, steakhouse are not going to be involved. And then it became, everybody started, the whole thing became divided. Like everybody started becoming divisive. I have a and like picking sides, like stickers, like what am I gonna vote if I'm not gonna get anything from this? So I think if the team can include stickers in some way and at the same time implement some like locking mechanism or vesting or something like that, I think everybody is gonna come to an agreement with this. because that way the whales diving is not going to be diluted and you can clearly see who is for jup and who is not for jup I mean look at what sanctum did sanctum is still doing okay even to today regardless of all the thoughts and everything I think to grow jupiter look at all this long time i think the team needs to be in control of what happens to the token instead of just trying to like give it out freely and just you know all in the name of growing the power you know i just think if the team can look in that direction this whole thing can be fixed That's my opinion. Let's go! Let's go! Let me write a quick tweet on this and stuff. Okay, well, yeah, I think we're going to wrap things up now just because the stream has started. I'm going to link to that really quick in the chat. Thanks to everyone who came up with their questions and for the discussion. I really enjoyed some of this. Yeah, thanks for bringing the... Thanks for bringing your questions up here. And yeah, go vote if you haven't voted. And we will see you guys on next Monday for the next Office Hours. Resend me the link. As you can tell, folks, we are doing this live right now. Thank you. Can somebody just send me the link? Hi. I was going to tweet it as well so you can see. I have to say I love the multilingual feedback coming.