I don't know. ♪♪ Updates, making beats, roof breaks, can you see it? Luck ain't even in it, this is just a bunch of heavy lifting So look, it's a Wednesday running back, it's a W in the check And cat-dad spit it back, got the catacombs on the mat Ain't no PVP, if you a COC I'm on TV every week, I've been saying that it's heat Every call I be getting geeked, I'm in thrall for every figure Updates, making beats, roof breaks, can you see it? Luck ain't even in it, this is just a bunch of heavy lists So look at the wins they runnin' back, that's a W in the check The cat that spit it back's got the Catholic culture on the map There ain't no PVP, I'm preachin' PVP If you want COC, you better show you mean it Stay in culture, let's make some more Cat that's gonna, so you call her all the baddies She's a lady, pull up, she's a lady, kill her, you may also know Thank you. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ - Yes, that was me singing along. Hello, hello, hello. Welcome to this planetary call everybody. The chat energy feeling good. Ad boys feeling geeked up, which is what we like to see. Preballin is a cheat code on the tunes. Little spoiler alert. I got Dr. Preballin. If you like this, you're gonna get a lot more out of him as we will talk about in a little bit. I see him in the chat as well. Shout out to Preballin and everybody else. And shout out to you, Sion. How you feeling these days? - Hey, hey, hey, how are you? - Amazing, amazing. - You know, exhausted and excited in equal measure. - I mean, it's a good week for me. It's been an amazing week, amazing past five days, yeah. - Do you wanna tell the world about the Jupiter frat house? Yes, so we just set up a base in Singapore. So I've been spending the last five days there. It's like seeing the team working through the weekends together. I was staying at the office, I mean the house or whatever. Until 3:00 in the morning, everyone's working together for the past Friday. It's adopted, but it's amazing seeing things coming out, new things coming out, fixing bugs at the same time, everything. Well, yeah, it is indeed, Hanko, a Jupiter frat house because it's not only like offices. There's also like there's like a living room and bedrooms. And so if anyone is ever in Singapore and wants to crash at the frat house, we might have to do like a little keg party for all the cadets out in Singapore. Yeah. Yep. We have to. I don't know. Could be fun. Could be fun. All right, let's get into it. We got a bunch of good shit to go through. This might be the call with the single most number of wins ever, if I'm not mistaken. It's been a busy, busy week and a half, I guess, since Meow did the Joop rally. So let's get into it. And one, two, and three. And yes, we do have a newly designed deck. I only have one camera right now, but we have a newly designed deck that looks... Chef Skiff's beautiful. Shout out to the Uplink Working Group for putting it together. It is... October 30th. And this is the planetary call. We're going to start this off the same way we always start off. If you like that first song, you're going to love this one. We got to get that energy right, everybody. Let me actually, hold on. I got to make sure that my dogs, you can hear how excited my dogs are in the background here as well right now. Yeah, we can definitely hear it. The planetary call gets going. My dogs get to barking. So let me mute myself and play the Cadet theme song instead. Oh, I'm not moving. I'm not moving. ♪♪ ♪♪ Yo, you're muted. Hold on, am I? Am I the only one not hearing anything? Yo, yo, yo, Cash, you're muted. They're trying to silence me. I don't know who it is. I don't want to point any fingers, but I think we all know what it rhymes with. Anyway, I am unmuted. I was wondering why no one was laughing at my jokes, and I was like, damn, I really lost it today. I was being very witty. I mean, it's a pretty good joke. I've been doing that for, like, what, two minutes? I will fully do the next call as a mime with no audio and we'll see if people can get into it. Anyway, if you don't already know, I am the subject of the conspiracy. My name is Cash Donda. I lead the Uplink Working Group, which produces this call, the YouTube page, the best goddamn Twitter page in existence, and a few other things. Mime bangers. I And I'm joined by the co-host with the most most, Mr. Seeyong, ladies and gentlemen, co-founder at Jupiter, all around frat boy king, clearly, according to the chat. Is that my new title right now? Frat boy? Yeah. The Lord of hazing at the frat house. That's right. Chad Meister general. If you have a nickname for Xiong, please put it in the chat. That's one of my favorite things about this is when we can come up with nicknames like the lady killer for, for soju, the best slug in the universe, your favorite slugs, favorite slug for slurring and many others. I was enjoying it while I was muted. That is true. Let me tell you a dirty little secret about this call. I don't need an audience. I just do this all the time in front of the mirror by myself, if we're being honest. Anyway, CEO of Hazing, Chan Deong Seon, Lady Magnet, also good, but he's a married man. Anything else that you like in there, buddy? - Interstellar is good. - Looking at it, Chinese guy, that's like not creative at all. - A little on the nose. - Sounds like a Chinese guy. - Yeah. - All right, well, best nickname for Seon by the end of the call gets a special shout out. So we'll take it from there. But okay, with that said, let's go a little bit forward. In case you haven't been to one of these calls before, let me tell you how this works. This is the 32nd time that we've doing this call. And it really has one key purpose. The good news is there's a lot of stuff happening across the Jupyterverse on a day-to-day basis. The bad news is there's a lot of stuff happening across the Jupyterverse on a day-to-day basis, and it can be difficult to stay on top of it all. And so we need one place where the community can come together and better understand and learn and celebrate all the good stuff that is happening, this kind of continuous evolution of the Jupyterverse. That is what this call is all about. What is the Jupyterverse, you might ask? Well, I have a fancy new graphic to show you. The first... Pillar of the Jupyverse is, of course, Jupyter, the platform where we try to aggregate everything as well as trade everything, as Sian has pointed out. Then the second pillar is $JUP, which is the token that helps align the different stakeholders across the ecosystem. There is no cap. And then finally, we have the JUP, which is the community. These are all the people that make Jupyter what it is, summarized by this J4J, Jup4Jup mentality. If you are watching this right now, Good news. You are in the JUP. Welcome, my friends. It is going to be a fun one. We are not going to call him Siong the Executioner. Next try. Asas Siong. It's tough to say, Bonbon, but I like that. I like the spirit on it. That's pretty good. Asas Siong, if nothing else comes up, might be the winner so far here. Obi Siong Kenobi. Says Danica. That's not a bad one either, actually. Introduce Fab already, says 80. Fab and Jesse are going to be coming on at the end of the call. Two chats, both of them. And why don't we just jump right into it? Why don't we not wait any further? Here's the agenda for today. We're going to talk about this week in the Jupyverse, what has happened over the last seven days. Then we're going to have a nice segment around product improvements and how the Jupyverse continues to evolve and get better. We've said it before. We'll say it again. Duber's not perfect, right? But it gets better with the community and because of the community. That's what we're going to be talking about as a case study today. Then we're going to talk about empowering the DAO. We have the DAO daddy himself, the slug man, talking about a recent proposal as well as the grants program. And then newly renamed... Joop is home. J-U-P is home. Which is really becoming the mantra. It's becoming the meme. It warms the cockles of my heart every time I see it over on Twitter. And we're going to celebrate Jussie and Fab, people that you already know from Twitter, long-time cadets, and hear what they've been up to and how their grant is going to shake out before we do the closing POAP at the end. That's what we got. Let's see in the chat. We have Obi-Sion Kenobi, still the top one. Sion. Sion Garis. Hello, Obi-Sion. That's not bad, actually. I kind of dig that one. That's pretty good. Okay, so we have... Oh, says Irish. Also quite good. Fuck. I feel like I should ask for nicknames. There's so many good nicknames going on for you right now. Hopefully someone is keeping track of all of these. And shout out, buenos dias to Jupiter en Español. Anyway, all right, let's get into it. Enough tomfoolery. Let's get into the game here. This is this week. Siamudeng. Slim Siamshade. Okay, we got to... All right, we have too many good options now. Slim Siamshade. Oh, and I just want this thing to... Confusion. Confusions. Yeah, that sounds like it. All right. Anyway, anyway. Goddamn. I got to say, every time we do this call, I learn something new about the Jupiter community. Best nickname community in the game. Goddamn. We're going to have to do this now for every guest that comes on to give them a nickname because clearly this works and people are very good at it. Moxiong is also funny. Okay. Anyway, let's get into this week. in the Jupaverse. First thing that happened, thanks to all of you, as you would know, the proposal to increase the vote quorum has passed. For anyone who has not spent time studying parliamentary procedure, quorums are the kind of necessary minimum number of votes in order for something to be considered a legitimate vote, right? If four people vote for something, that vote cannot even be approved, even if all four people say yes. Here's the thing. The initial quorum was set back before there was any Joop staked. And now there is something like 450,000 Joop staked. Excuse me, 450 million, excuse me, Joop staked. Someone can double check my math in the chat there. I might have that number wrong a little bit. I think it's like 440 or something like that. Yeah, it should be around there. It's around that, right? Okay. Now, in order for a DAO vote to actually have the ability to pass properly, we need at least 30% of staked Joop staked. on at the time that it goes live to be in the vote itself this i think is really cool from two different perspectives the first one is that it ensures that uh jupiter community is activated and behind votes this is what one of the things that can prevent just you know individual whales from taking over governance right so this is a helpful thing to ensure that anything that passes needs broad base of uh participation and number two it keeps everybody honest If you are yourself, the subject of a vote is incumbent upon you to go out there and rally the troops and get them activated because 30% you may or may not actually pass. So this is a great little innovation from the CWG and the rest of the DAO. We'll hear more about it from Slorg later on, but shout out to the Jupe DAO. Next up. This is a fun one. Swapping on Solana has never been easier thanks to auto mode and manual mode on JupyterSwap. If you've already tried this out, give me a little W in the chat here. Basically, two different modes. First one, these are like car modes, right? I only drive in auto because I'm not very good at driving. And I don't really know much about driving. I didn't care to learn, right? So the key point for me I want it to be simple and efficient. But then you have these other people out there. They like to drive manual, like to drive clutch. So do you drive clutch or do you drive manual or auto? I have to learn manual, but I'm driving an auto right now. Driving an auto right now. You have the real car fanatics. They like to know the deep details of the car. And they're driving it so they can have fine-tuned precision control over every last element of their driving experience. Same thing happening here on the swap side. So now with manual, you can individually set your slippage, your fees, how the transaction is being processed, and many other things. Siong, obviously, I know that this has been something you've been thinking a lot about Any thoughts on-- I'm just looking at the video. The video is amazing. I don't know who did it. It's like, look at it. It's like everything come together. Then it's compressed, like go to the corner. like coming together wow like i love the fact that you co-founded like a whatever a 10 billion dollar protocol and you're like mostly impressed by the gif that is on the slide right now right it's cool it's cool like you know it's like it's it's pretty crazy that like you know like back in the day when we're like a small team like we we want wanted to do all these things like really cool video really cool gif like but it's like you know we just don't have the resources we have to like as scrappy as we are, but now with the team, so many talents in the team right now looking at this, it's like, yeah, it's very cool. Anyway, this has nothing to do with what we were talking about, but I'm just super impressed by the GIF. Yeah. - Shout out, I think, I don't know if this is YY or Mir or who it was, but somebody. - I think it's probably Mir, yeah. - Probably Mir, shout out. - I think it's cool, that's why I say, I was talking to Mir the other day, he has so many ideas. And the crazy thing is Mir, I mean, he only started doing all this GIF and video, things like starting Breakpoint. We have a bunch of video that we wanted to do. Then he was sitting next to me. I was working on the Breakpoint deck, like 2:00 in the morning. He was sitting next to me. He's like, OK, I need this video for this deck. He was doing it, going through it. And now he's like the in-house, all this product video. expert right now. I was like, wow, impressive. It's good stuff. New skills coming up. Over one month or like a month and a half, I think. Yeah. Gotta love it. Gotta love it indeed. Shout out to Mir and shout out to everybody who's using and all the devs behind us as well, of course, auto and manual mode, making JupyterSwap even easier. As somebody is saying in the chat, stop using magic to make swap this easy. It is cheating. Fair enough. Fair enough. All right. Okay. Let's go on to the next little piece of news. This one, a little shout out to the Uplink Working Group. Anyone here subscribe to the Jupyter Drip channel yet? Maybe you can give me a little W in the chat if you are with us over there. If you are, you would be one of 22,000 people that have already signed up in the first like six days for this. Yeah, this is no joke. Major shout out to the folks over at Drip and to the art Gossip Goblin, one of the grantees from the Uplink Working Group putting it together. Oh yeah, I see a lot of fans in the chat right now. Here's the craziest thing. And here's the alpha for you. A bunch of people gave thanks. I don't know if you know that much about Drip, but shout out to Vibu and the gang. You get these droplets, which you can give back to creators as a sign of thanks. And those are worth actual money. And so obviously we're not going to keep the money. We're already funded by the DAO. So instead, we're going to take that money and give it right back to the community of people who are thanking us. So for anyone who gave a thanks, as a little surprise, we're going to be giving away our droplet earnings plus some jupe actually later this week. And in the future, we're going to have legendary and rare collectibles to the top bankers and active members as well. Every dollar or every drop that we get through this is going to be given right back to the community in a lottery fashion. Probably what we're going to do is take the top hundred bankers and then divide up the whole pot and then kind of raffle it off randomly across the top hundred just to kind of give it back over here. You don't have to think. This is not meant to be like an incentivized kind of thing. This is just about putting good art that helps embody the spirit of the Jupiter first out into the world and help more people find out about Jupiter. Shout out to Drip. Go check it out. Go subscribe to that right now. Fab, appreciate the compliments here. The first claim is live, says Jupiter Exchange as well. All right, I got to move a little bit faster here. We're going kind of slow. The next one up, the Jupiter interns shipped... Fox, the floating odds exchange. This is a fun one. Actually, Sohan, do you want to talk about this? Do you want me to talk about this? I mean, yeah, it's actually very cool. I mean, we talk about it during big points as well. Like this is actually like, you know, the intern. I mean, okay, I think he turned 17 this year. So thankfully 17 this year. And also like the NIO intern, like everyone know her. So they'll be working on this behind the scenes for the last year. actually it's been a while right now and everything about it's like three months six four months so the whole idea here is like i mean it's actually quite cool like uh you can see you can see tracking quite close to other prediction market right now um you know like ten thousand like close to ten thousand in the pot right now um yeah like the whole idea here is like uh we want to make uh prediction token tokenizable so that like you know people can start trading it people can start buying actually people can start buying on jup uh ag right now that's a cool thing about it and all these things are free tradable um well 58.46 percent wow it's actually a lot lower you know my hope you think I think the only market is at like 67-ish percent right now, if I'm not mistaken. Yeah, but you know, don't want to give any financial advice. What is the problem being solved here? So on traditional prediction markets, this is a version of a prediction market for people who are unfamiliar right now. Now, traditional prediction markets, you place your wager and it kind of lives within the platform. In this one, you're kind of getting a token back that then you can use elsewhere. Why is that cool? Why is that useful, Siyang? i mean i think i think uh having having any token liquid is always a good thing um obviously the problem with that is like you know like like uh i'll say that i wouldn't say it's a problem like most most prediction market you need market maker to make sure that there are enough liquidity here we actually don't need the liquidity people can start buying and selling on his own obviously like you know sometimes it's like uh like like we need like you know like like if people are trying to do bigger bet on here is probably slightly harder but uh anyway like the whole point here is like any if the token is liquid people can start trading it and other markets can start forming as well like uh no the whole idea is actually pretty similar to jlp when we started jlp it's like you know we were thinking whether we want jlp to be liquid or not But it's actually cool to see now JLP is one of the most highly liquid token out there. It's being integrated in Camino, it's being integrated in many different places right now. People are asking where, I think that is indeed very cool. We will check this out. Big caveat here. This is an experiment. It's unaudited right now. This is the Jupyter way. This is the Jupyter ethic of experiment, figure it out, learn from it. And we're going to talk about that a little bit later as well. This is live right now at fox.jup.ag for anyone who does want to check it out a little bit. All right. So new prediction market type thing happening that for trading tokenized odds, I think is a cooler way to think about it because it is not a traditional market there. Let's keep going. What else is live in the Jupyterverse? Well, The APE referral program is live, folks. One of the most generous referral programs you're going to find out there for this kind of tool. Oh, so much alpha that my throat is getting clogged up with all of it. Referrers now earn 50% of attributed platform fees. So of the fees that are on this, you'll get 50% for anyone that you actually bring over to APE. And friends you refer get a 10% fee discount. Now, the fees are relatively low, but the idea is that the product is so good that people will use it quite a bit. And it's already getting a bunch of traction. Early days for Ape. It's only been out in the wild for, I don't know, a few weeks at this point. But already the team is shipping, seeing things like average buys on there, great P&L charts that are happening, better kind of notifications and tracking. So many good things are happening. Shout out to Joe Doe and the rest of the Ape gang for making this happen. What website is this? This is ape.pro, A-P-E dot P-R-O. Obviously, do your own research before you find any tokens to buy. Jupyter has been cooking. Let's go on to the next one here. Speaking of the JUP, this is a big congratulations. Please drop a W in the chat for our homies, Dr. Preet Balan, Jussie, and Fabiano. You already know that these guys have been around for a while contributing to the JUPiverse. I will very proudly say all three of them have worked directly with me and the rest of the Uplink gang over the past few months to get that message out there about all the good stuff that's happening in the Jupyterverse. And now we're taking that to the next step. They had some small grants for Uplink. They're now getting bigger and better. Hopefully, possibly, I don't want to get too ahead of anything, might be on their way to leaving some working groups, perhaps. I don't know. That It's the kind of medium term, but the first step is now complete. They've now gotten a Juke Dow grant as well. And so they're all going to be doing cool things. If you don't already know, Dr. Preball made that intro song. He's made like a full fucking albums worth of music at this point, honestly, for Jupiter. I think we should do it. We should like launch a Jupiter album. We have enough on Spotify. If I'm not mistaken, we have like 12 songs-ish. Yeah, there are a bunch of them, honestly. So people should definitely check that out. Are we... Are we getting our what? Like the loyalty from Spotify right now? The logic and the ethic is we give the funds to the community. Dr. Pribalan is eating nicely. I think he has 10 to 20 million listeners now as a result of what we've been doing. Okay, this is a side note. So one of our team members, he's like a very good singer. So he put his songs on Spotify. I think he's making like a couple hundred bucks every month. Wait, what? Who is it? Which team member? He used to have Solana FM, but now it's part of him. It's amazing. No, no, Nick. That would be crazy. Shout out to Nick. Interesting. We still got to do a full-on talent show at some point. I'm very convinced that's going to be a fun and important thing to do. We should definitely do it. Just one whole planetary call. Every team member gets five minutes to show the talent they have. If you want to be a part of the talent show, by the way, let's make this happen sooner rather than later. If you want to be a part of the talent show, please DM the Jup Uplink Twitter page and we'll start to get a roster together. Anyway, Dr. DeLonda's music, Jussie and Fabiano do just banger research and analysis of what things are going on. I saw somebody in the chat say this already, but go follow them. This is financial advice. That is, I concur. with that. I've been following both of them for a while. Big fans. Super excited to see them get the next step up. They're going to be here on this call whenever I shut the fuck up and tell us a little bit more about what they're going to be doing with their grants as we go through. All right. I'm tired, but we're here. The fucking Jubaverse never sleeps, so let's go on to the next one here. Next thing in the Jubaverse, community-led events have kicked off all over the world. This is pretty great to see. This is my three loves all coming together. Number one, Super Team Earth. Number two, IRL meetups and real community building happening. Number three, Jupiter. This is good stuff. Look at these happy faces as people get together. Mostly happy faces. This guy's giving me a little bit of a run in the camera bit. Here we have another one. Some lovely ladies and gentlemen as well. And over here, another meetup as people are coming together, talking about the Jupilverse. This is good stuff. This is amazing. No need for the vote. This is very cool. If you are interested in doing this as well and spreading the gospel of decentralized finance and Jupiter at the center of it, head on over. earn.superteam.fun. You can apply yourself for a grant to get funded and bring some people together. You make some cool merch. You talk about Jupiter Mobile. You talk about the value of DeFi. And you'll have a great time. And if you don't do it, this guy's going to follow you around. So if you don't do it, you will be haunted. I'm just kidding. Whoever you are, this guy, I love you. I do not. I just like this weird look over here. It's popping in the chat right now. Hopefully he is. If that is you in the chat, let us know. You will have to come on into the Joopas Home segment in a week or two. He has to. Okay. You can go host those as well. The two guys in the front look happy. They do. These guys are very happy. They do. That's nice. All right. Anyway, let's keep going on here. I like that Dickus Biggus is telling me bro what. I don't know why I'm getting called out by Dickus Biggus. Anyway, God bless you. Let's keep going. I think there's just two more here, things that the Jupyterverse to catch up on. First one here, my guy Callum. Callum Coates from the Anza team, formerly from the Solana Labs team, GigaChat developer, longtime Super Team UK member, has been super helpful to devs all across the ecosystem. in his free time, put together Jupalize, which allows you to view all your Jupyter DCAs in one place and makes your accountant's life easier, which is a big W for anyone that is paying their taxes. And hopefully that's all of you. Pay your goddamn taxes. Limit orders are also coming soon. This is available at jupalize.bersell.app. Go give Callum underscore codes a follow to say thank you. He's giving back to the ecosystem. This is what we love to see. There was no grant behind this, by the way. He just saw a problem, saw a way to fix it, Fucking shipped it. That is good stuff. I don't know if Callum is... Oh, Callum is here as well. Shout out to Callum McIntyre. There he is. Hey, hey, hey. Callum is goaded immediately. Please, if he's watching here, drop a little W in the chat for Callum as well. It's amazing. Good guy, W, Callum, just making the Jupyterverse better for everybody. It's what we love to see. I don't want to see anyone say no taxes, by the way. Okay. Two or three final things here as we go through it. One, earning opportunities. People have heard me say this many times in my role as Super Team Sherpa, which is my day job. earning crypto is just as sweet as buying crypto, right? If not more sweet. Here, we have $8,000 worth of bounties that are expiring soon over on Super Team Earn. So if you want to contribute back to the Super Team, or if you want to contribute to the Jupyterverse, if you want to make Jupyter better for everybody and get rewarded for doing it, this is fundamentally the J4J mentality. You give value, you get Joop back, right? You can go do this right now on Super Team Earn. Let's see what the bounties are. There's a demo video bounty with 1,500 Joop up for grabs. Clips from the Joop rally with Meow last week. Capturing JUP is home in an image. This is a very nice and creative one. The five-soul trading challenge, which ends tomorrow, by the way. Hopefully we have some people who have been participating in that. I'm very excited to see all the screenshots on Twitter. I'm sure some of them will be zeros, but some of them will be going up. And then Jupyter Mobile onboarding pop-up as well up here. So people have submitted already. That's even better. That's what we love to see. Please do go check that out. Earn.Superteam.Fun for all of those. And then finally, the last piece of news, and it's a big one. JoopSoul earned 64,000 Solana tokens last week, which is pretty ridiculous because the JoopSoul, the soul that is earned gets redistributed right back to the community. The APY right now on JoopSoul, if I'm not mistaken, is about 9.7%. relative to the 8.2% that you get on marinate solar judo solar or whatever else. So premiums in the soul or premiums in the APYs because the juke team cares and they're giving it back again. This is that same ethic that J for J you stake with the juke soul validator. It makes it easier for Jupiter to land transactions, which is good for everybody in the ecosystem. And what happens as a result, you get better APY as well. It's a classic PPP kind of grow the pie mentality. Love to see it. A big shout out to soju in particular, who I know has shepherded this effort for a while. Uh, Anything to throw in here, Siang, before we talk about product improvements? SIANG CHEN: I mean, this is actually pretty insane. Thinking about it, 60k sold over one week. Wow. I mean, obviously, it's not easy as well. A lot of past week has been insane on our chain activities. And we have to deal with a lot of problems along the way. But good problems. Good problems to have. Stress testing the system. All right. Excellent. Well, this has been... This has been This Week in the Jupyterverse. With that said, let's move on over to the next section. I think we're going to go with Seongsu. What do you think, Seong? Is that all right as a nickname? How do you like that? Confusion. Seongsu is pretty good. Precision. I can't even say that one, so that's not going to cost. Samseong is another fun one. If you were leading mobile, it would have to be Samseong, but you're not picking up mobile as much. And then I like a Sasyong as well, but I think Siyongzu is too clean, as Bond Bull is saying. Siyongzu is correct. Siyongzu is correct. Well, I'm going to pass it on over to Siyongzu for the product improvements section, just to set this section up. I think that a critical part of the philosophy of Jupiter and of the Jupiterverse and of all cadets who are in the Jupiterverse is evolution and getting a little bit better every day, right? Not born perfect, but we start with experiments. We listen to what people have to say. We learn and then we launch it. We go through this learning loop time and time again. It's critical to ensuring that not only does Jupyter the product continue to get better, but also to ensure that the JUP's community voice is heard and implemented into products as well. What we have today, Xiangzhu is going to take us through five times where this learning loop has taken place. Xiang, I'm going to throw it over to you. First, we can talk about DAO emails. Actually, before we start, so basically over the last four years right now, three years working on Jupyter, we always listen to the user feedback to see what are things that we can improve on. The cool thing about it is that But at the beginning, we have to make a lot of decisions without much feedback because the user group is not big. But today is very different. Looking at this call right now, so many people listening to the call. Day to day, we have like, what, three, 400,000, like half a million people on the website. So these are the things that we can do a lot of different experiments to get feedback fast. And obviously, along the way, we fucked up things as well. Not all decisions that we make, not all improvement that we make that we think are improvement, but obviously, sometimes not the right way. But obviously, Yeah, like a lot of things. But I just want to take this opportunity to share some of the things that we did over the last three weeks, two, three weeks. I think the first thing is the email launch. The DAO email has been-- so the reason that-- we've been thinking about how to get the DAO, the Joop holders, Joop staker, engage in the whole voting process. We always think about like, oh, no one wants to give out their email because it's like the whole crypto, like, like value is like you know like it's like you can be in on you don't want to like uh like privacy is very important like uh we don't want people to like uh share things but surprisingly a lot of people reach out to us like yo like i really want to know uh you know it's like twitter is not enough like uh the rm is not enough like we we want ways to know when we can vote we want to be like actively participating in it right uh that's why we launched the emails and like it's a it's a very simple thing i mean we we also like to overthink things as well like at jupiter when we build products okay what is the like we over things a lot like a lot of time but like this is one of the examples it's like so simple that uh we just put it on the website and people like just a lot of people sign up and now you can see the last vote has been amazing the turnout was like amazing i think 360 million people voted in the last proposal and It's the highest ever participation ever. I think a lot of it has to do with, obviously, the emails. Yeah. Do we know how many people are on the email list, roughly, at this point? Actually, I have no idea. Soju probably know. Yeah. Soju, if you're in the chat, let us know. Opaqs, shout out to Opaqs, is asking, do we have an official email for Jupyter, or is it automated? I don't think it's automated. It's definitely not automated. I think it's kind of cool to-- I mean, if it's automated, I want it to be not automated. It has to be manual. I think proposal-- I mean, every voting process is very cool as well. We should spend some time writing a lot more info behind it, share the idea behind the proposals, and actually set up-- it's a very good process. I got to say, I think it's pretty incredible. This one, it is particularly exciting for me because it's a time where it shows that the intuition and what the community wants, not always lined up, but if you are out there listening, if you actually just listen to what people want, you can actually build things that better serve everybody, right? So more comms equals better comms in this case, which I think is pretty cool. Let's go to the next one here around JupyterLock. This is a fun story. I'll give you the stage to tell it. Yes. So Jupyter Lock is another product that we launched. I mean, the reason behind is like a lot A lot of people come to us, they trust us, they trust us to be the brand. And they look at the whole voting process that we have, all these things. They ask us, what are the things that you can build to help us as well? This is actually a product that we built together with the material team as well. The engineers have been very helpful with this product. So the whole idea here is we want to work with projects out there to encourage their holders to lock and you can set different parameters as well to customize to what you need. Then along the way, we realized that the community themselves, the holder themselves, actually more excited than the projects. they want to show they want to contribute the projects in their own way so they started doing like you know their own locking without like letting the projects know like start having this uh you know their own community efforts like without the projects are like you know team knowing about it okay let's do this thing like you know let's lock like this token let's get this thing going After listening to the feedback, looking at the user activities, we are going to shift the focus a little bit from talking to projects, I can't encourage them to do all these things. It's going to be more community focused. The whole PPP idea behind is to show people, to work together with the community, to make sure that they are locking the tokens, show their commitment to the projects, how they can help as well. the whole ship is uh very interesting as well yeah i gotta say it's a this is a cool one where like the market sometimes pulls the best products out of you right where like you again like this is actually one of it yeah this is definitely one of it it's actually very cool And this is where that kind of like, I think, open mindedness that is typical of a lot of people on the Jupyter team becomes super useful, right? Because like, you can imagine another team does this as a B2B thing. And they're like, no, no, this is the product and the people are wrong. And instead, you have this kind of other approach. It's like, oh, no, well, if people are using for this fun new use case, let's double down and support that where we're getting traction and follow the tide rather than try to swim against it. This is a fun little one here. How about this next one, duplicate tokens and the imposters? Yeah, this one went through a lot. Obviously caused a lot of problems. I mean, I'm laughing in a sad way, but the good thing is all the problems are solved right now. It's actually pretty funny because we are in a very adversary environment. Every time there's a cool token coming out, then people try to... like trying to like create a scam token a duplicate like it's actually not just duplicate it's actually a scam token trying to be trying to be impersonate the actual token. So they will do funny things like putting the mean address as the symbol name. Then when people are doing a search on the Jupyter website, they will look, then suddenly the fake token will show up instead of the actual token. So we went through a lot of work to make sure the search is better right now. So we also rebuilt our token list uh infra to immediately detect all these fake token in real time in the sense like so now now user can obviously trade a lot safer they don't have to worry about all this fake mean they're coming out on the token list that uh even you know like get tricked into buying all this weird token I love that. People were making the token name the mint address to try to fool Jupyter's search. That's too good. And so when the feedback comes in from the community, or when we learn this kind of new feature of the world, what is the main way in which this kind of information gets to the Jupyter team? Is it mostly Twitter? Is it Discord? Is it something else entirely? Actually, that's one thing I've been thinking about. We've been asking all our users to come to Discord. Obviously, we have a team. We have the community members helping as well. 24/7, I think we have 24/7 courage right now for any feedback. System is down, report to us. Our team Over the day, 24/7, we have like-- you at least one team member on call. Anything happen, we'll immediately jump on it. I wonder if we should-- from time to time, I get email sent directly to me as well, asking different questions as well. I will answer as well. DM, obviously, a lot. My DM is often on Discord. Anyone can send me a DM. My Telegram is open as well. If you know my Telegram, people send me direct Telegram message asking me different things as well, or asking for support. The team is actually pretty big right now. I think we have rotation as well. I think one of the ideas that I believe all product teams should adopt as well, We encourage the engineer to interact with the support ticket directly. And we actually ask the support team, like, OK, if you don't know how to answer this question, stack the engineer. Bring the engineer in. Because we do believe that if the engineer is being involved in the whole end-to-end process, the feedback process, the feedback loop, they learn a lot as well along the way. They are not building in silos. They actually listen to actual users. feedback coming in you know telling them like okay like why this thing is not good or like why do you think it's great yeah i think both products seems to do it yes I think that it is a real testament to the team. I'm going to say right now, my DMs are not open on these different platforms. I'm avoiding all the dick pics and feet pics and whatever else that kind of come my way. But such is the commitment to listening to users that you and Soju and Meow and everybody else, I think, have their DMs open. open. That's half a joke. My DMs are open in most places, just not on Discord specifically, because Discord can get a little bit rowdy. But very cool. Duplicate tokens, again, the same kind of like moral of the story here, like user protections becoming an essential piece of it. I think we've got two more little stories to share. Don't forget about your health. We need you. Says Lana Baze. Very thoughtful. See that classic cadet behavior there right now, being a little empathetic and thoughtful. But as far as product learnings and this learning loop goes, What about Purpose Feed 2 have we learned? I mean, Purpose Feed 2, yeah. This is one thing that everyone has been asking. When are we launching? When are we launching? One thing that we learned is that like we are way too optimistic on the timeline we thought like everything can get going like maybe like two weeks after our break point then we realized that the scope is a lot bigger than we we could handle and uh now now now the process is slightly different right now because instead of launching all the three things that we promised at breakpoint now we're going to break it down and slowly roll them up so the first thing that was coming up actually the first thing that's coming actually actually It's almost live right now. It's on age.zoop.ag. The new API, the new UI has been live testing over the last week. And the cool thing about the age.zoop.ag is that some users are using it. We're actually getting a lot of real-time feedback coming in as well. The first version of the UI, we way... we oversimplify it in the sense that we actually remove quite a lot of features that the traders want. The second version of the newer UI is actually in the work-- I think-- or actually not. I think it's coming out next week, or this week, or end of this week. We actually bring back some of the features that we remove on the UI. But at the same time, we are making it a lot more customizable in the sense that if you really don't want this feature, you go to the setting, turn it off, as well. And the cool thing about this new UI is that we can start building a lot of things on top of it. Like the things that we mentioned, guestless transactions, that will be coming out, I think, end of this week and end of next week. Then limit order, yeah, we are dealing with some-- not like-- when we're building limit orders, we realize that there are some economical concerns that we have to deal with. So we've been looking very closely with Chaos and Gauntlet on modeling out the whole limit order economy to see whether it makes sense or whether there are things that we need to build in order to prevent certain expectations on these particular features. And obviously, API is coming out as well. The API has been beta testing right now. If anyone wants to get access to the-- the pubs api beta test let us know we will let you in yeah a cool one to see that like hey when you get solutions in necessarily or sorry when you have problems and you know what they are it's it can be easier to think of the solution than actually like implement the solution right uh and so this is like a cool kind of like humanizing story in my mind uh because like it's not all rainbows that's actually a big part of this whole section right is that it's not perfect when it begins with and it doesn't always go according to plan sometimes Sometimes you have to adjust and reassess and make sure that you're providing the best user experience in a way that people can really support. It's actually very cool as well. It's very cool in the sense that I actually do enjoy that we pre-announce some of these features and some of these feedbacks are coming directly from the community as well. So obviously, the JLP holders, they are very... excited about all these new features but at the same time they're concerned as well like so for example limit order it's like one of the things that uh we we did plan it out on that how it will work but like a lot of actually even before we launch it on a lot of jlp holders are already giving feedbacks like oh like can you share more a little bit on how it works i was like engaging with them in the discord channel then uh they obviously like you know like suggest a few things that are we might have missed when we were doing the planning then we talked to garner we talked to kiosk in the end of the day we just want to i mean we want to make sure that whatever we launch is safe for for for the jlp holders and also like excited for the traders as well absolutely i want to take a quick uh second to respond to some of these comments here the droop android version is launching Hashtag soon. I don't think we have an exact date. I know a few people have asked in the chat here. I believe when Ben was on the call last time, he said probably in November at some point. Are we still on pace for November? Yes. Has the 30% reduction been discussed? Correct. Not on this call. The burn that is going to happen to the overall supply, this was a Dow vote that passed a little while ago. The logistics of this are still being, I think quite frankly, exactly figured out. but it will definitely happen there's no question about that uh the will of the dow will be respected but we'll have more details on that in the coming weeks and then there was one uh oh do you have any grants for developers too there are yes go apply to the jupiter go ahead actually i feel bad as well this is one of the things that i really want to pioneer by being cool like everywhere or different things are i've been talking to some of the active uh you know like uh contributor or like in the developer support channel and yeah maybe one or two of them might become like part-time or like maybe get a grant to start working as well but some of them are very helpful giving yeah I would fucking love A developer relations, a DevRel working group. I would love it if you are a developer and they could absolutely do grants in this direction. They can create content to help bring more developers to Jupyter, help troubleshoot and solve problems as they're already doing. If that sounds like you, please go apply over on the Joop Dow page and go message Lori and the rest of the folks. I think they will free up like 50% of my day every day. And then the final comment that I got to give some shout out to, Wilson. Sneaky, sneaky Wilson. Exactly correct. I did not eat lunch today and it's already like eight o'clock. So shout out to my boys over at Pickle. Sent over a nice little juicy chicken sandwich. That is exactly what I was doing. You know me too well, Wilson. You know me too well. All right. Anyway, let's do the last one of these pretty quick because we still have a few guests to get to. A pro, another place where there's been a bunch of product learnings. Yes, yes. The launch has been impressive. The numbers are growing. Seeing all these traders trading live on the platform gave us a few ideas, obviously a few things that we missed on the original launch. Now, before that, users can only withdraw SOL from April. I think withdrawal for all tokens has been live since yesterday or maybe two days ago. There's one tough lesson as well. The reason that we turned off all the different withdrawals and also deposits was because it will mess up the P&L a little bit, make the calculation a little bit harder to calculate. But the cool thing about it is now we allow the draw of all tokens That's one thing that we didn't think was important. But after launching it, a lot of users gave us feedbacks, OK, we need this. It's something that the community want. So this is one thing. Another thing is that-- We added social links as well to all the tokens. We thought it was like people going to snipe without really caring about a lot of different signals out there. Surprisingly, people actually do care. The social links, they want to know what's happening on Twitter for this particular token. And the product has evolved as well. I was just talking to Joe. um actually yesterday yeah you're thinking about like you know we're looking at all the traders behavior when when we started april we were thinking about you know like we need to optimize the whole trading experience for people who are trading mean token like you know pump on tokens all these like early you know very early stage tokens but looking at the traders that we have right now it's actually very interesting behavior a lot of them are actually doing mostly the mid cap tokens like you know gold ai 16z all these different tokens that people have been talking about over the last few days the big cap tokens actually gather a lot more communities um and i mean yeah i think i think we have some cool features that uh will be very exciting i don't say too much i don't care too much yeah it's not my favorite i want to let you know i want to let them share yeah We got to let some more folks get in touch with it. So go try out April and big shout out to Joe as well. All right. We are, I wasn't asking the wrong questions. So what is like the kind of takeaway from this? What is like the key point that we're trying to make happen here? The cadet feedback is crucial in making this all happen, right? The Jupyterverse as a whole only gets better the more you participate, the more you make your voice known, your opinions, your ideas, your nicknames, whatever else it might be, the more that you do it, the better things get. So if you take away one thing from this whole section, in addition to these fun stories about how products change, and maybe if you're a builder, it might change the way that you think about this stuff. Number one is that these learning loops are critical in the Jupyterverse, and they only happen when you're a part of them. With that said, where can we give feedback constructively? Literally anywhere, Lars. It might be on Twitter. It might be on Discord. It might be in public. It might be in DMs. You can reply to my tweets, like anything. Just tweet at me. Anywhere you can find me. Yes. There we go. Cool. And so that is how we talk about the Jubaverse evolving. With that said, let's move on to the next section here, which is around empowering the DAO. critical idea in this Jupyterverse here is the way in which we're able to make and uplift talented members of the community in the JUP. And there's no one better to talk about this than the slimiest KOL you ever done seen. - The slimiest KOL. - Let's bring up to the stage, your mama's favorite slug, Slorg of the slugs. How are you feeling slug man? I mean, Cash, I'm sure there's many that are slimier than I. I've seen the KOLs in the States. Name them. Name and shame them, Slorg. Who is slimier than the slug man himself? Another time. Another time. If you're not already following Slorg on Twitter, very nice, gross, and very catty comments, I gotta say. So he's a slug, but he's got that catty attitude that characterizes Subdivider stuff. Anyway, Slorek, tell us about this latest vote that just successfully passed. Yes, I'm not sure how it happens, but we keep getting more and more record vote turnout. I think this time around we had around 360 million. And I think that's just an effect of all of the various decentralized undertakings that both the team and the DAO have spearheaded in order to get the word out more and more. So I think we've done an excellent job of that. And now we're getting just such a ridiculous percent of voters participating in every vote. And this one's the highest. I suspect next one might be higher, but, you know, I don't want to jinx it. We'll see. Yes. Let's see. Can you talk a little bit more about the kind of background theory behind this? Yeah, so really at its core, the idea is just to make it so that people can't ram votes through without getting adequate DAO consent. So if somehow the CWG, for example, turned evil and they're like, let's ram a vote through without broadcasting it, we couldn't do that if it didn't hit the quorum. So just having a higher quorum than we had now, I think it was at 60 million, and now as per the results of this vote, it's going to be pegged to a moving 30% of StakeJuke. And just some people have asked about the logistics of that. I think we want to keep that as simple as possible. So I saw someone tag me on Twitter and he's like, hey, can we have the 30% pegged across time during the vote? Because some people on Stake and such. And I don't think that's necessary at this time. I think that's always an idea we can revisit, but I think we should just keep it as simple as possible for the time being. So I'm going to talk to Soju, we'll figure out like the logistics of it. We usually, before a vote, we change any parameters. There's like a vote for the people who are on the multi-sig. So I assume it's going to be something like that, but yeah, I think as close to the starting of the vote as possible, just keep it simple. Nice. Keep it simple, I think is it's easy to overcomplicate this stuff and to get like too wrapped up in all the intricacies of the DAO world. But the main thing is to make this easy to use and easy to approach for everybody else. I think this is a cool thing. I think it's a nice. It's also just like a clear statement of intention for the DAO. Like the goal is not for this DAO, unlike some others, which I will not name, to just be like a little rubber stamp, to just be like a little legal protection of some kind of weird sort. Right. This is actually about making sure that people are actively engaged before that community treasury gets used. used. What are you giggling about, Xiangzu? I mean, it's impressive. We have 444 million stake and 360 million votes. It's like what? 80%, 90%, 80%. Wow. Pretty insane. It's a lot. I also think about I used to be in the whole Ethereum voting as well. Because every vote costs like 20 bucks or something like that at one point. So it's like a lot of DAO on-- I mean, kudos to them. They are the ones who started the whole concept of DAO and everything. It's just that you would never see this kind of participation on any Ethereum DAO. Like looking this happening here on Solana, this is-- yeah, it's amazing. Pretty great stuff. But the greatness doesn't end there, David. Talk to us a little bit about the grants and the kind of intention behind it and the folks who have been receiving them. Yes. So at its core, the grant premise is very simple. It's do stuff and we'll support you. And I'm just going to like scream that until my dying days because that's ultimately what we want to do. We want to empower people who do work. And... As you said before, as you mentioned, there's two grant recipients as of this week. Dr. Preballen, who makes all those amazing and phenomenal music videos. He wants to expand and to ultimately make a Jupyter music label. So he's sort of scaling up during this grant process. Nice. And also Jusine Fabiano, the legendary thread writers and educators and DeFi researchers. They've done some work for Uplink in the past, but they're very interested in getting more involved in Jupyter and expanding their scope as well. So we're very excited to have them. There's also several more in the pipeline currently. A lot of people have sort of taken up the banner of the DAO and have begun working on things. That being said, there are still a couple initiatives we are looking for specifically. One of these, as you mentioned before, is DevRel. We really want a DevRel working group. So guys, if that's something that you're interested in, something you want to start working on, please feel free to always reach out to me, Morten, or just anyone. Just anyone. Just get started and we'll help you along the way. Yeah, just do stuff. Just do stuff. The second one, and it's something we started on already, is product demos. So... so three days ago four days ago more than i we solicited a message on twitter like hey we're looking for product demo people and we just got absolutely blown out by the number of responses we couldn't handle them all and in fact we were thinking of doing a bounty for it but then we collaborated we talked to og of the uplink group he's like oh we were actually going to do a bounty for anyway so we sort of co-sponsored that bounty And we just directed all the 100 people to go apply to that. So I assume we're going to get sorry, OG. I know it's going to probably take up a lot of your time and bandwidth, but we're probably going to get hundreds of submissions for that. But I was just so shocked how many people are out there making product demos. But yeah, just do work for Jupyter. We'll support you. Pretty good stuff. This is what we love to see people contributing back. Yeah, the number of kind of submissions on some of these bounties is getting, there's 157 submissions on Capture, Drew, Patil, Minute Image. You see this? Oh, I checked. Yesterday was 100. And there's still another nine hours to go. So it's probably going to cross 200. Love to see so much contribution. I want to see more people get more formalized in their contribution, get a full-on grant, get up to a working group level, perhaps if that's what you're interested in, make some good stuff happen. One last thing, if you don't mind, I just want to mention that I think the end game of all of this is to ultimately create what terms an ecosystem of founders, because I think the way this doesn't scale as just a strict top down organization, we have to go laterally too. And I cannot overstate the importance of autonomy here. if you guys recall jup and juice they received the official the um the informal grants before this became a system they were so autonomous they powered through it for five months um they tried a bunch of things they failed at some things and then they succeeded right that's the important thing they eventually succeeded and we're not that's not what we're asking of people we're not asking you to dedicate a robust amount of time to this with uncertainty. We do have a system in place now. We want to empower you. We want to help you. And we want to give you all the resources to succeed, but also just take the leap. That's what we need from people is just to take the leap. And I'm very glad to see that as someone who's worked in and around DAOs for the last three years, traditionally, it's very hard to get people involved. I'm very satisfied with the number of people who have started stepping up. I'm very happy with it. actually that's very important yeah very well say uh like there's one thing that uh you know like i'm very interested in that route right like uh a lot of people reaching out to me because i'm active in the developer channel all the time shopping other developers as well A lot of people reaching out to me is like, yo, I really want to help. But most of the time, just like the same advice that you just say, start something, go do something. The community are there, they're asking a bunch of questions, take the initiative helping them out. A bunch of different things that are out there and can be done. Yeah, I do agree. Just take the leap, guys. Just take the leap. We have so many resources to empower you. You can ask Preball and or Juicing Fabiano if that's the case, and I'm 100% sure they will tell you that's the case. Just get started, guys. Just get started. We'll empower you. That is a fact. For Prezzle, who's saying DevRel rules suck. No upside for people to work. I wish there was some kind of way that we could align incentives. I wouldn't say that. I wouldn't say that. I feel like that's why people who love doing it, they enjoy doing it. When you help the developers clear certain confusion and whatnot, then you end up seeing the products that they build. You are part of the process. That's why I spend all the time in the developer channels. like along the way you would never know what products that they built that might change the you know i mean one day like i really wish one day people are using the jupiter api view like way bigger projects like from there right yeah i think people will hopefully get more involved and figure out new ways to contribute to the ecosystem for the sake of time we're going to drop it there thank you as always for coming on and talking about how people can be empowered by the jupedown thank you next time Cheers, brother. We'll see you very soon. That takes us into the final section. We are getting to the POAP in just a little bit, folks. There will be an NFT. Do not fear. But it is coming in just a second. Before we do that, we're coming into the newly titled JUP is Home. This is a section all about the fact that JUP is home, that people can come here, feel like the real strength of the community, and we can focus on some people who are making JUP the home. the home that it is over here. Yeah. Drop a little jupe is home in the chat. If you're with us, we're going to have a, I think that's going to be the, gotta be the next banger out of Dr. Preball. And incidentally, uh, but we're going to have Fabiano and juicy on in a second. I realized I was saying just before like a goddamn dunce. Uh, we're going to have them on in a second, but before we do, uh, On a serious note, a little bit more of a somber thing that we wanted to do. People might have seen this in the Discord. Unfortunately, a cadet, a member of the cadet community kind of passed away recently. Tomi Sin, let me say that properly, Tomi Sin passed away and his dear friend Crypto Tomo had asked if we could do a minute of silence in his honor. And we want to do that. Exactly that. So for the next minute, we'll just keep a little space and a little silence. Thoughts go out to Tomas and his family, and of course, to any other folks in the Jupiter community who maybe have lost folks lately. So start that minute right now. All right. And with that, that is a minute of silence. I'm sure you'll be missed by your friends and family and the Jupiter community writ large. And again, shout out to anybody else that's dealing with loss in their own lives. Hopefully you can find some solace in the rest of the community over here. As the chat says, Joop is home. And with that out of the way, let's bring up two members of the Jupiter community who are helping make it home for everybody else here. We have Juicy and Fabiano, folks. Let me bring them up onto the stage. How you doing, boys? I assume boys. I don't actually know. Juicy? Yo, yo, yo, you hear me? I've only ever seen your words, so you know, you type like a man, but I didn't know whether you were or not. Yeah, yeah, what's up to everyone? Damn, I'm really happy to be here. And guys, go down below, drop this fucking W in the chat. Yeah, Joop is home, let's fucking make it. - Juicy, you're gonna put me out of a goddamn job, dude. That's my only thing that I do around here is tell people to put Ws in the chat, quite honestly. Maybe to start off, I think that everybody, yeah, Fab has a face by the way as well. We all thought he was kind of just like a headless horseman of some kind. Maybe to start off, we can just hear how you guys kind of first discovered Jupyter and what got you excited. Maybe Fab, we'll start with you and then I'll go to Juicy second on that. - I guess for me, it was like one year ago, I think. Maybe around one year ago. i mean i was not that into into crypto that much yet but i just swapped some coins like played some games some free games and then sooner or later you just need need jupiter at some point so yeah i just noticed jupiter i really like the like the easy functions and everything uh felt actually in love like super fast then actually the rest is history like like the nice airdrop I got really helped me to actually keep pushing my web free career or just like my content and everything. Yeah. And I'm just enjoying the time with all the cadets and especially also with Juicy. There is always something going on. If I don't have any content to write about, I know Jupiter is here for me. They have some content for me. It's super interesting. Always. Ducey, how about you? How did you first come in contact? Do you remember where you were when you first encountered Jupyter? Yeah, yeah. I was at 1,000 followers one year ago. Right now, I have 34,000. It was a big journey for me and also for Fabiano. Yeah, we started at the same number, and right now, we also have the same numbers. Yeah, people seem like we're brothers, you know? So I found Jupyter once. one year ago and started to research about DeFi on Solana. I was very interested because I wanted to build a content and to build a content you need to find a niche. So I found DeFi, I started to learn Jupyter and then I just saw that you guys have a community. And just, okay, these guys work every day. They have updates like every day and I can create a content about it and tell people. And people really interested in these updates. Makes total sense. I think it's cool. You know, I've always seen you guys together on Twitter. I didn't realize that you were always this close. Did you know each other in real life, did you say? Or you met only fully online? Fully online actually, but like we actually really started at the same time and we just always show each other our content, like actually really PPP, you know, like he tells me what he likes, what he doesn't like and everything. And actually since a year and it's really funny, like we grew the weight up together actually. Like, yeah, couldn't be better. Have you guys met each other in real life? No, not yet. We should make it happen. Yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. And as Fabiano said, we like a great imagination of PPP. Because I remember when I started, I texted Fabiano, Dan Bro, can you help me and tell me how it works? He spent his time to tell me how it works. And then I could write a thread and tell other people. Yeah. And then save to me, send to him. I think there are, you know, the two of you are two of the most kind of respected analysts or researchers. Actually, I mean, what do you call yourself? What is your Twitter thread writers? What is like the job? Like when you're talking to your cousin, what do you tell them that you do? I would say I'm an educator or something. Educator? Yeah. Some people know I'm actually a primary teacher. Like in real life, I'm still teaching like 100%. Yeah. Wait, what? I did not know that. You teach children. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Primary, like from 10 years to like 14, I would say. Yeah. Wow. You spend your days doing the most wholesome shit imaginable, and then you spend your nights knee deep in the D-gen trenches of crypto? Yeah. Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde over here. Look at that. Exactly. So Educator is actually like really good. I think that makes sense actually from your content as well. Educator is very good. - Educator, yeah, yeah. - Juicy, do you call yourself like an educator as well? How do you think about yourself? - Well, of course I started with a drop as then I moved to educator because I started to make money with DeFi and I just, okay, need to educate to people, need to show real as I can make money in DeFi using different protocols. I'm glad I asked. I think educator is a very fitting term for both of you. So as two kind of prominent educators in this space, and I would argue two of the best, as you guys both know, I've been found through work from well before the time of even the planetary call. I'm keen to know, what is the alpha? There are a lot of people out there who I think, A, want to be able to educate themselves, and B, also want to be able to educate others, especially in this community, right, where education and the PPP mentality is so important. What advice do you have to other folks who might want to kind of follow in your footsteps. Maybe, Juicy, we can start with you and then hear from Fab. Yeah, so to be honest, I think everyone who watches this stream, they remember me from zero, really. And I spent one year of spending to understand how the algorithm works, what is content, what should I do. And the most important thing, guys, I know you watch it. I spent one year and all these days I was consistently tweeting. I have never missed one day. Consistency, consistency. Then I started to learn DeFi, a Parma niche. I started to produce the content. And you know what? From December last year and to the summer this year, I have wrote read every day. I have never missed any day at all. Like consistency, consistently meet other people, respect them. And I think like you will achieve success if you want to achieve it. - Pretty nice. Consistency being a critical thing. Fab, aside from consistency, what is the kind of secret to the educator game? - I think helping people is like a good thing. I mean, that could be like in different ways. It could be like financial, it could be like you you can actually make memes or like jk you can do funny videos like it could be you make the uh the day better of someone else it's also like helping actually uh it could be financial it could be like educational stuff like i do but i think yeah like helping people make something better that that's really the point i think um yeah not copying stuff um just going your way believing in yourself just do your stuff Yeah, I think that's it. There's a nice saying from Nietzsche, the philosopher, who says, with a sufficient why, any how is possible. And I think the more your why can be anchored in other people and doing good for the world, the easier it is to find the motivation to be consistent and kind of have the impact that you guys have had. I think that makes a ton of sense. Siong, any questions for the lads before I ask them about their next step plans? What do you teach in school? Oh, what I teach? Actually, I teach basically every subject, from English to French to math to everything, actually. But like I said, the children are still a bit younger. So that's normal here in Switzerland that we do all kinds of stuff. Oh, really? I didn't know that. This sounds like a very good system. Yeah. I mean, the education in general in Switzerland is quite good, I have to say. Nice. Making it happen. Boys, I don't know if the rest of the world knows already. Surely some of them don't. Drop the alpha. What is next? What is your grant all about? Yeah, exactly. Maybe some people already saw the tweet that we did today afternoon, a few hours ago. We actually create courses where we teach exactly step for step how to grow your brand, how to grow your account. And it's like real shit. It's not like some wannabe whatever shit. It's the real shit that we went through. And there will be like two courses every week, like one from Juicy, one from me. We will also hop on the Jupiter Discord, like to answer questions, to present our courses, like to go into details a bit more. We create a Twitter group to support each other. We will release a website as well. We follow our courses as like as a blog, basically. And the goal is actually that the cadets grow their account, like grow their brand, that everyone has the chance to grow their brand. And we think, Juicy and me think that could also be beneficial for the whole project, for Jupyter in general, because Jupyter is home. Everyone knows where they come from, they are coming from the Jupyverse. So that's the goal, like small summary in two minutes. Yeah, so we kind of want to be one of the biggest universities in Guptor how to build your brand. As I said, I spent a lot of time with it and I told you guys, I have DM 200 people and it's so hard to find the right information that you really need. Yeah, and I'm very glad that we're doing it with Guptor because this community is just insane. Like everyone supports each other and that's why we love to do this. Talk about the PPP, giving back. You can hear how excited my dogs are in the background about this. I love it as well. My dogs are really chiming in today. Folks, I think this is super cool. The big question is, of course, when? When are the courses going to begin? So let me just say, so today after this call, I dropped my first course. You can check it, guys. It's the first course how to set up your profile and to not lose it in one year because many people lose it because they don't understand how to set up it. And also, I posted a tweet that we opened our exclusive X group. In one hour we got like 500 people and please give me day two. I will add you guys. Just crazy like everyone want to join. Yeah. And then on Friday will be Fabian course and on Friday we'll also set up a website. So if you miss it, you can go to this website. You can learn this information when you have a free time. Yeah. Pretty sick. People are excited to hang out with you. Shout out to Scarlett and everybody else who's signing up. Go sign up. Build up your own presence. This is the PPP mentality put to practice, right? Other people would gatekeep. They might say, if I give away, then people will know all my secrets, and then I'll have more competition. Not these boys. These boys know that education is actually a positive sum game. The more people you can bring into it, the better it is for us all out here. Shout out to... to Fabiano as well as Juicy. I know how to handle the mic. I don't drop the mic. That is true. Anything else to say, lads, before we jump off here? No, actually, I'm really looking forward to meet everyone that wants to join our course, that wants to grow their brand. And let's fucking grow, I would say. Let's fucking grow. Who needs meow when you got Fabiano dropping you a cat right down here? I also want to say, guys, remember, Joop is home. Joop is family. There is no cap. Yeah. Let's fucking grow, boys. Let's fucking grow. I feel like that graphic that you put together, too good, by the way, with everyone's faces on it. Hopefully more people can go check it out. Yeah, that's amazing. Thank you. That was absolutely sick. Both of you, thank you so much. We will see you in Discord. Cannot wait for the courses. Appreciate all the work that you do. And goodbye. All right. That is going to just about do it for us. You beautiful cadets. It is, in fact, time for the not-so-surprised POAP. Look how cozy. Look how cozy the POAP is this time around. Just lovely. I definitely need to go to bed right now. It's been a long day for me. So, Hung flew back. What time is it? It must be midnight for you? I flew back two hours ago. Now it's almost one in the morning. So, I was in Singapore the whole weekend, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. I'm home right now. - Well, you have earned a nice little relaxation and everyone who is watching this call has earned a Po app. As a reminder, you need to have at least 50 jube stake to connect your Twitter or your Discord. You will get the Po app in the hours after the call. Honestly, the amount of money we pay fucking Mert and Helios is ridiculous. In order to drop these, it does take a little bit of time because so many people sign up for them and the network can get congestion. So just go ahead and sign this. You can see the link is here up on the screen as well. You can type that into your browser. For Siong Zhu, a.k.a. the baby face assassin, And for myself, Cash with no nickname. I just want to say thank you to everybody for coming out. Hopefully you enjoyed this one. I think this was a bit of a banger, if I'm being honest. What do you think, Siong? Yeah, I think good, good, good. I love it. I mean, I get excited talking about products every time. Today is a bit like, you know, it's like a long day for me, but still good. Like still seeing like all the efforts. I mean, the whole... I, if I find out, I really want to sign up for the cost. All right, everybody. Well, and if nothing else, you got a nickname for your trouble. So that's a, that's a good thing as well. Yes. All right, everybody. Thank you so much for coming out. Go follow Jupe Uplink on Twitter. Go follow the YouTube channel. You'll find clips, interviews, music videos, and much, much more. That is all for this time. We will see you next time. Adios, everybody. Goodbye. Goodbye.