Awareness in the chats that this is happening. I mean people are filling up to be fair. Yeah, it tagged everyone I did I started it. Yeah, I believe so. Did y'all get a tag? Yeah. Yeah, I Didn't wait wait wait wait wait. What do you mean? No, there's no tag did add everyone again Yeah, do it and do that, but okay, maybe I can dance Okay, I thought I was supposed to Yeah I'm gonna be down in the audience, I'm gonna be recording this stuff too. Okay. Okay, so I'll be watching from Twitter. Do come up if you have any questions because this is good to interact with. Don't worry. Can you chuck that into... Yeah, I'm gonna chuck the link in the chat. Everyone in this chat is here, so I don't see why they need this link. Um... Yeah, we can. Yeah, I can repost it. Okay, yeah. I'll send it to you then, OG. Oh, for people. Okay, people here. Yeah, yeah, I get it. I get it. Guys, we're going to share a link here. If you guys want to just interact, repost, so we can create awareness outside of the Discord for people to come join us. I've just shared it in the chat. It's going to get juicy. Yeah, yeah, I'll do that. I'll do that during the thing. I just mentioned it now, so it's shared. Alright, let's get it reclosed. How is things, guys? How are you? How are you, Klaus? How are you, OG? Last time we spoke, it was Jupe & Juice. I was in Morocco. I was very sick. And we were having a... I think it was a Jupe & Juice... Yeah, we both came out. We haven't spoken since. How have you guys been? Well, OG we have, but Klaus we haven't. Yeah. Yeah, I've been good, brother. Just been doing the editing still, kind of helping grow the pages. Kind of got the Twitter. I don't think we had Twitter last time. So, yeah, kind of expand. Yeah. Kind of building with the whole group. Coming up with new ideas, new OG and doing our thing, man. You guys have been crushing it. I love to see it, bro. I mean, that really is the reason for what sparked the idea for this workshop, right? Because we saw the success of how fast you guys are growing your Twitter for Uplink. And obviously, you're the brains behind that, Klaus. And it's one of those things. He's a puppet master. Yeah, and it's impressive, bro. Like, obviously, your account's quite large, your personal account. And so, like... When I see growth on yours, some people could mistake it for the fact that you already have followers, right? But what you've done with the uplink from Xero speaks for itself. It's really cool. So we just wanted to sort of pick your brains on that, but as well as picking your brains for our sake as a working group also like do it for the sake of the community as well because everyone here wants to up their game right everyone wants to have a better presence on X and it will help a lot hell yeah 100%, brother. I mean, I'm here to give you the alpha if you haven't even heard about like Twitter growth and etc. But I appreciate the flowers. I mean, I think I think don't underestimate the other people as well who are open behind the account because they actually, you know, learn themselves along the way and kind of just bounce the ideas and then like OG's low key slept on intern as well. Yeah, he does some good stuff. I see some of OG stuff. They're super low key and all they needed was the audience and boom, that's all, that's all it needed. So I think the skills and all it did for me was like, all I did was kind of tap into the people that Jupiter hasn't tapped into on their own posts or any other, you know, page from Jupiter. No, no shame to the other word groups, but I think we took a different approach with it and it kind of, that's why we're all here right now. So I think, It's going to be exciting to kind of give you guys some little information. You know, you guys can have some notes. If you don't, you might have heard some things that I've said before or maybe haven't heard anything at all. I'm going to give it to you. I'm going to just kind of ramble. And I'm also going to just spit out whatever comes out of my head. So I'm not really good at explaining things. I'm a terrible teacher, terrible tutorial. You're underselling. But I can help. Yeah, I mean, there's probably going to be loads of questions from the community members and stuff as well, right? And that will help lead this. Obviously, we've got questions as people that are like, how long has it been since we've been working on the Jupe & Juice episode? x ourselves it's been now although we've had it since April we didn't focus on it whatsoever our plan was to make it just a content repository right so we just upload content on there but you know if people wanted to see it it'd be there but we wouldn't promote it or anything like that that was the plan and then we kind of thought okay that's a bit stupid because it's good to have the brand equity it's good to have like a presence as Jupe and Juice on Twitter maybe that's not the right way to go about it so we kind of pivoted also like Meow expressed that he thought we should have one just like he did with Uplink and stuff so it was a thing where it was like yeah no this makes sense and we've been focusing on growing our personal accounts quite a bit let's focus on doing it for Jupe and Juice more so because that's a good central point like rather than me and Wake streaming from our exes week in week out Makes sense to just do it on a Jupe & Juice X and people know, okay, that's where Jupe & Juice is going to be broadcast from, right? We've been grinding on it since I would say about September 24th. Since we came back from Singapore? September 24th. Yeah, so yeah, when we came back, literally that was the day I came back from Singapore. Right, so nearly a month now. And I think we've grown, not as fast as you guys did, obviously, but we've grown a reasonable amount. I think we was at like 250 or something at that point, and we've grown up to like 1,300 now. Let me share a screenshot of our analytics so you guys can see. the drastic change just like a concerted effort can make to a Twitter page. Uplink is just a shining star of GPO content right now. But if you want to see like a smaller scale effort to prove that you guys can do it too, there's a screenshot like you can see we've had the account for ages, zero, zero, zero. And then come 26th, we were like, we got to do this. And you can see that we've got the impressions by just working. Yeah, and it definitely helps that, like, Uplink especially is, like, definitely content-focused. Like, that's a whole thing. And we're able to kind of propagate content that, you know, Jupiter, the team itself doesn't have, and that definitely helps. But that's one thing I've seen you all kind of do well, too, is just propagating your own content. It's kind of like it's niche within Jupiter that... the team themselves can't facilitate on their own. Yeah, that's a big part of it, of what even helped me begin into the whole Jupiter Uplink thing, is I was already providing that you know, benefit of content and informative tutorials or just revving up the community, getting them hyped up, even if it's about price, even though we're not allowed to really talk about price because it's not good. But the generous side of us, we all look at the price regardless. We like to see our bags go. We like to rile up the community. And I think that's what Uplink, at least in me as well, that was kind of my idea and approach about it. And yeah, I ended up in Uplink. So all I did was transfer that hype and energy into Uplink. And then boom, we started just booming. So it worked. Yep. Your engagement is correct. Yeah, the engagement is really good. I just want to say too, we'll hold off on coming up and asking questions. We'll do that towards the end. Yeah, I mean, yeah, that, yeah, so that's probably my fault. I wasn't calling for you guys to hop up now. I know people are putting their hands up, but it's just, let's sort of talk through this and get as much as we can from Klaus. And if there's any burning questions that haven't been addressed by us up here on stage, near the back end of this workshop, we will pull people up to ask questions that we may have missed. But on that note, let's get started, I suppose, right? I mean, this is really freeform, right? We'll take notes as we go along. Maybe we'll pull up some share screens and stuff. Can we do that in here? Is it possible to bring up a share screen? Okay. We could pull up some share screens and sort of work on... We could maybe pull up one of our tweets or something that we felt didn't do well and then sort of see what Cloud thinks we could have done better or changed, right? And see... how we could have maximized on it if he was the one putting out the same thing right so we could do like a comparison so i don't know if irish awake if you can just find a tweet that didn't do well for us but while you do that i've got a question what i've noticed clouds is like you're very fast right you're very quick at identifying a trend this this like i've noticed um that like Sometimes you're... When there's a trend, I'll see there's a tweet from you, either on the Uplink account or on your personal account, like, that I see other people have, like, capitalized on that trend, right? So... How do you how does that happen? Right? Because I feel like, you know, by the time I see it, you've already got 200 300 likes or something like that. So it's been around for a while. But how do you how do you identify a trend from your perspective? Like, how do you do that? How do you catch that wave when it's still a small wave before it's big and then you know, crashes? For me, I think I noticed whenever like sometimes there's other accounts too. Sometimes it's not just like, oh, I came up with it. But other times you look at other accounts and kind of seeing what they're they're riling up about. But it is also the eye for it whenever so much happens in the space. Everybody gets kind of lost and confused. Depends on who you follow as well as who you reply to as well as just you having an eye for these things. So if you're if you're hearing something like I have a good example. So. you know, the planetary calls happen. And sometimes a lot of people have, there's a lot of information there. People don't even notice or when they do notice it, they just think, oh, that's really cool. They'll probably make a tweet about it, but don't even know how to set up the tweet or et cetera, et cetera. But for this example I have was when Cash was talking to the Pudgy Penguins founder and he mentioned something about the little Pudgies are coming over to Solana perhaps. And I was like, yo, what? That's like, crazy i haven't seen nobody talking about this on a timeline budgie penguins big nft project that's already one good one uh coming to solana bridging to solana too that's the second that's another big thing frank had just recently came over to solana back that's the third thing that was already like a key trending thing and i was like let me make a clip of that put some hype music do you know do all the editing stuff put it on twitter see how it does uh it took a while for it to kick start but um And that planetary call is like days old already. So people can go back to things and miss alpha and then you can just kind of have an eye for it, put it on Twitter. It took a while for it to kind of cook, but until like the big names start to see it, like a Frank, I think he was the first one, first big one to see the tweet, kind of retweeted, like it, make his own comment, like, yo, what the hell? And then boom, all the pudgy penguins community started routing up behind it. And the Solano was like, yo, this is really happening. Then DJ and you started barely seeing it. So I was like, I'm not even the guy always looking for news, but I ended up finding and having an eye for it. And And even the biggest news platform was like, yo, we need to make a post about this. So I say just have an eye for it. It takes some time for sure, though. But you got to have an eye for these things and kind of make sense of it. Kind of just... make key points, be like, okay, is this good for the audience? Like, would they even be hyped about this? Two, is the community behind it, is the community behind this thing that I'm going over even hyped around this as well? And three, you know, does it make sense in the current market of Twitter, in the current market of looking for something, you're never going to find it, right? And what you're saying is if you're there looking for it, you're going to find a gem. They're out there. In a planetary call, like the example that you just gave, there's probably millions – not millions, but there's loads of alpha pieces that could be caught like that. But people just don't – they're not listening with the same mindset you're listening with, right? You're listening with like, how can I capitalize on this? How can I – package this and put it out there to the masses and and then capitalize on x right and so you know, I, yeah, like you're like, what you're saying is if I watched that episode, I probably would have thought that was cool, but I would have just watched it and carried on. Yeah. At most probably up a tweet and that was it. Uh, maybe not even have done that. And so the, the fact that you've seen that as like a news moment, um, and, and chopped it and then, you know, packaged it, put the attention to it, put it out there and yeah, it makes a lot of sense. And so, um, If it reaches the right people, it amplifies as well. Yeah. Yeah, also, like, people, as you said, you're watching it with the comfortability instead of watching it trying to figure out how can I get something out of this that's going to kind of help boost me, but also, like, get that attention because that's all we're here for is that attention. Whether you like it or not, we're all attention whores and we like... the fact that, hey, I need more engagement. I need more followers. I need to blow up the page to let people know, hey, my content is good. My posts are good. But sometimes it's not. Sometimes you're going to look at it with just the comfortability. Like, oh, people just blow up just because. Like, no, everybody has an intent behind it. So if your intent is to just watch a call or watch a specific video, just eat some popcorn and get comfortable, that's already, you know, the wrong mindset to have. You got to go in there with, like, hmm, this sounds kind of interesting. I feel like Twitter might like this. Hmm, this sounds interesting. I could probably clip this up into so-and-so-and-so. And it's not easy. It's going to take a minute for you to have that mentality, but once you catch on, it rewards you pretty well. What do you say to the guys that start trying, right? Because this is the thing. People always stumble at the first hurdle. And so it's probably good to hear from you. Like for someone who will do this next week or the week after, they'll probably find a little bit of news. They'll try to dress it up, get it out there as an edit or a clip or even a screenshot with some text, a graphic, whatever they do. They try to grab that news. that attention and they just don't get it right they just they try they put in the effort and they might end up only getting you know five likes ten likes you know it's something disappointing because they're thinking okay i'm using the formula now i should do what clouds do it doesn't work like that right so what do you say yeah what do you say to that person because i know there's many out there that will experience that and feel disheartened what do you say to them yeah i say stop trying to be like the other people's tweets you're seeing that's literally all it is like my the reason my tweets started doing really really well and like i don't like to be tooting my own horn or nothing but when i started coming up with slowly and surely and found like a little method for myself i started seeing other people like other bigger accounts that started to try to replicate or make their own version of something or even the same thing copy pasta and uh I started to notice that and I'm like, well, the only reason that happened is because I started to kind of just go off on my own mentality. I use my own slang. This is literally me. I just talk the way I talk. I put it into text on Twitter. I try to reread it 30 times because I'm terrible at understanding something. And like even yesterday, I mistagged myself on a freaking uplink post. Yeah. Oh yeah, I saw that. I was like, Clouds did that himself. Yeah, how does that happen? I think I called OG out on the feed for it. Yeah, I had to make sure to tag OG correctly. That's embarrassing, bro. Yeah, he even meowed and called it out. I was like, oh, that was me, bro. He's like, who's y'all's intern? What's messing this up? For me, the most important thing, and this is a specific to reply guying situation. You probably don't do much of it anymore, but reply guying is big for people just getting started. I'd describe myself as someone who's just getting started too. But one thing I see some people do is like replying, but their replies are just mad out of touch. They're not using relevant comments or phrases or they're just using things that make them look like they've never been in crypto before. What do you say to those people? How important is it to be plugged in to the culture? on Twitter. Yeah, that's the first segment I even wanted to even mention was like, whenever everybody talks about how to grow Twitter, how do you do this, this and this and that, like, even the bigger names say themselves, like, it's literally reply guying. Like, yeah, start off reply guying, but it's not just replying and blah, blah, blah, whatever. You actually have to put your real self into the replies too. So the reason my reply started doing well was because I was relevant. It was relevant to the post. Or sometimes if it's like a a bigger account you kind of got to be into the replies a lot to the point that i'm just going to skip over things because i started noticing that because i started becoming that you know i started seeing random replies of somebody just leaving an emoji somebody just saying lfg somebody just saying higher i'm like bro there's no point for me to even acknowledge that yeah engage more bot or even i'm gonna give it more of a jupiter standpoint like oh j for j or uh JM or something like that, you know, just simple emoji rocket heart like no that doesn't work. You got to be more engaged add value Yeah, exactly. Like you got to add value into the replies and that's what's gonna literally make them acknowledge it You might even get a retweet other people who are looking in the replies who are terrible at replying They're probably gonna like your tweet instead of their own just because it was that good. I And that's how it works, man. You just got to be into your personality, into the replies too. Don't be a bot. Don't try to be a bot. Yeah, if you can cook a ratio reply too, that's just elite. Yeah, I can't wait to ratio IG again. I can't remember if I've ever done that. And also, we've talked about culture on the feed clouds. And I've expressed like it's so important for a brand to be plugged in. Like if you're seeing dead tweets from a Solana startup, you sort of count them out. At least those who've been in Solana for a long time, look at it and they're like, okay, you don't get it. How do you get your culture across? How do you show people that you're plugged in like that on the feed? Because I think that's one of the things that you do very well is you're on, like Sax was saying, you're on the wave and in the culture and your replies. I think that's authenticity though, right? Yeah, literally authenticity. And it does take some time for people to even see that, oh, his authenticity. Damn, I didn't even say that right. His authenticity is actually like, oh, this is him. Like his replies are the same as his tweets or the way he's even talking right now. There's a damn VC chat. It's literally him. He's behind the Twitter account. I'm not grifting. I literally give away bonker jupe something actually i have not given away jupes mine because it's not yours i've been kind of just being myself in the replies if i see somebody's video or if i see og i might cook them but he's like am i just replying just talk faster don't cook og bro he's at the start of this brah exactly exactly that's how that's how i shoot from the hip on twitter all right fair enough fair enough all right everybody you heard it here cook og on the feed Yeah, that's fine. With the culture, that's all it is, brother. It's just like strictly just understanding. Everybody knows the slang. Like the slang in the Web3 space is pretty simple. No, but you say that, but no, people don't, bro. Like we get that. Just because we've been around, but people really don't understand the slang. And it takes people time to adopt certain words, certain phrases. Like what, like, it's very cheesy, but what are some things that you say regularly that are very Solana, very D-Gen? Like in person or like through tweets? Through tweet, yeah. Through your content in general. through my content i do say like bullish a lot sometimes implemented into my life i'm really bullish on this damn burger i'm eating it's so great it is like this has consumed my life literally i just always try to relate things to more of a content i think that's what it is as well and uh i don't know if i there has to be i use bro a lot but i don't know that's really a crypto term nowadays it's just something i do yeah before crypto uh Trying to think. It's literally just off the top of my head. I just do it and I don't even realize I'm doing it. Yeah, but the point is like you're living it and you're breathing it and that's why it comes through authentically. Exactly. Do we want to go through kind of our own Twitter and kind of run through the thesis behind some of the decisions we made on it yeah let's yeah I think that's a good idea because we can do some visual stuff as well so people can actually see how how the thought process goes whilst you're on Twitter yeah I can share my screen if you guys want to make it make it more immersed yeah let's get immersive and We've got 87 people here in the Discord and I think there's about 400, there's nearly 400 people, or 398 people on X. Nice. Actually, 400, yeah, 398. So, yeah, this is good. We're reaching about 500 people right now watching what's happening. We also just got a short out about the workshop because Satchel's a beast. Here it is. So let's start with the basics and just like PFP branding, kind of bio, stuff like that, username. Yes, you can feel free to throw yourself into it as well because I know you're pretty good at this as well when it comes to this. I'm low-key a little bit slacking, but yeah, when it comes to the name, simple, just whatever name you're comfortable with. If you're even representing a brand, just have that. It doesn't matter. Blue check, kind of low-key important nowadays, especially with monetization coming out even higher now for people getting noticed. So that is low-key a sleeper, but We're going to skip over that because sometimes you can have it for free. Having the Jupiter badge definitely helps. I don't think that's attainable for anyone, unfortunately. Yeah, the badge was just a cool little flex, but you got above and beyond that, you know, so. banner keep it for me like i noticed keeping the same color pattern with between the this right here the profile picture um and then kind of just having the same rhythm you don't want to have a total different color way from your your profile picture i think that kind of just throws it off and uh and so and some of the strategy strategy too is just um it's very different for like a brand or like company account, I guess, rather than a personal account. So just keep that in mind. Who are you looking for? Let's look at OG here. He did a good job. He did a pretty good job. Honestly, can't lie. He's a dog with hat. He's got the retarded going on. This is so simple. It's not that hard. You don't have to overthink it. It's literally just that simple when it comes to that. Also, pretty much the When I say the bio, it's nothing too complex either. Just pretty much write one sentence. I wouldn't add a whole paragraph or essay to your bio. But content creator slash degenerate. And then add in a little bit of personality in there as well. It doesn't have to be super professional. Like content creator, degen alpha hunter, so on and so on. People do not care what you do. But also it is good to implement it just a little bit. But also just add a personality into it. into the bio personal touch yeah 100% exactly a Jeeper content math here is a very good bio I can't lie who can I ask who thought of that those clouds yeah i thought it was you clouds you see like the b low-key the the yeah it's reasoning is a low-key like cooker on this account dude the content math here is just goes so crazy man the fuck she might have took some inspiration from other stuff but like it came together that's fine yeah yeah but um that's as simple as that man don't have a I wouldn't say nowadays, I would say not to have an inappropriate age, but sometimes it kind of benefits to an extent, but don't be, just don't be like, not yourself. Have something simple, even if it's a JPEG or whatever you have, I would not change it always all the time. I know you see a lot of people changing it back and forth, but if you're trying to build brand recognition, don't change your PFP all the time. I mean, I mean, feel free to do that if you want. Like, yeah, don't, I've noticed. Yeah, go ahead. I, I've noticed that too. Like if someone changes their PFP, like I don't remember who they are. Like I don't have to like a, it's like, I don't, I'm not looking at your username to see like who is tweeting what it's your like PFP. So like definitely try and keep that as uniform as possible. Yes, sir. And another thing I would say with that is people recognize off of visual instead of just, you know, text. So that's why it's important to have a good PFP for yourself that you feel like you can brand yourself with if you feel... like you're attached to it or however you want. Also have a nice banner to go along with it. There's always people in the community as well who I'm sure will help you make a banner. If you don't know how to do any of this, there's always, you know, this is a PPP community. So everybody in here is trying to help each other. Somebody who does do banners probably can make a little bit of, you know, a little commission off of it if they wanted to. There's always opportunities out there. Look for them. And so that's what I would say about the main profile look. If you go simply onto somebody's profile, you want to make sure it's not overwhelming them. You want to make sure, hey, it's simple. I kind of like it. Let's just keep scrolling and see what we might see or find. It doesn't matter about links or location. But if you do have links to your channels, why add it in there? You should probably do that for yourself. Something that's super slept on is the follower to following ratio. I would say you don't want to follow so many people to the point it's just washing your followers. because most of the time the people you're following are going to be inactive and following inactive accounts kind of low-key kind of hurts a bit so just kind of clean it up a bit don't go on a mass unfollowing spree because that also gets a semi shadow ban uh that's what i kind of noticed so if you're gonna unfollow people i'd say do like 10 a day probably less or like 20 probably around you know just take to 15 i'm throwing out numbers but you get the idea don't over unfollow people It'll over-follow people as well. So it goes vice versa. That's my issue, bruh. If you look at my page, go wake GMI. It's embarrassing, bro. it's w-a-k-a-g-m-i yeah let's cook them right like this is good this is a good combination yeah yeah yeah but look at the amount of people i'm following one thousand nine hundred and seven i don't even know one thousand nine hundred and seven and i'm seeing all these useless replies on my feed that i've never interacted with i don't like but it's such a big job and i don't want to be fake and not follow people back but like what what do you say to that as well like As accounts grow, they tend to get followed more. When do you draw the line? it's definitely tough right because you want to be a nice and you want to be a community driven person who's following all these people but it hurts your your account and everything along with it because what twitter does is it likes to build around your like your likings and your whatever you're doing literally anything you're doing is going to bounce off of that's going to reflect so it might be harder for you to even find something that's trending or find out what the culture is really talking about today or what's actually blowing up is because you're following accounts who are probably liking normie stuff retweeting a bunch of uh aiden roster kaisen airspeed uh live streams and sexual stuff on your feed is because someone some random person you follow liked it or like and you're like why is this on my feed Then you see, oh, they follow this weird ass account. And so it just it reflects badly off of your feed. Anything you follow, anything you like, if you like. And this is why I say reply, guys. I'm kind of just going everywhere right now. But if you're replying to a small account constantly or even just twice, their stuff is going to start popping up on your feed. So this small account, bro, does not care about personal branding. He doesn't even care about nothing. He just buys crypto and then does his own life. he's probably gonna go like and retweet other random stuff yeah gonna come to your page so often like whatever but that's all gonna reflect onto your account now too and it's like we have different paths i think as much as we all try to be you know loving and supportive here everybody has their own like sort of path i'm on the personal growth branding path so i don't want to have someone else's uh mindset put onto my feed if that makes any sense i get it yeah yeah Thanks. Sounds like I need to go on a unfollowing spree. Yeah, I think we all do in general, but you know that the cadets are staying, baby. Yes, sir. The cadets, especially if you're providing something. That's why if you're a cadet, provide, like let people know who you are by building a good profile. The reason Wake is not going to unfollow you or Stacks is not going to unfollow you is because he sees your profile. He sees you replying to him. He sees that you're making probably content or just even post or in the Discord. And that reflects big time. So especially that too, that's another one. Keep the same profile probably on Discord and Twitter so it can reflect like, oh, you're that guy from Twitter. Yep, that's me. So that kind of helps a little bit to keeping the same personal brand in all platforms. All right. Mo's got a question. What happens with people who are trying to farm an ex-paycheck and they comment on random stuff? Do you unfollow them? I don't think that really hurts much. If anything, they're just trying to be on their own little path to growth. I do that to some extent. It's kind of annoying because, yeah, people might have notice on, but also it's like I kind of want to expand my growth a little bit more. And I've even blown up off of just replying from big accounts like Elon or Daily Loud, like these big accounts that help you get monetized. That's how I got monetized is I was just kind of farming those replies, cooking up bangers, putting memes on them. And it did really well. Now, it's up to you on if you want to keep kind of having that because it is stressful. But it's also up to you if you want to keep actually getting more engagement to your page and, you know, that more recognition. It does help. I'm not going to lie. It does help. I saw a really brutal example of an unfollow spree by one of my friends called Arj who left Web3 to work at Twitter. And he was plugged in, plugged in when he was around. But now he's gone. He's plugged out. He used to follow like thousands of people and it cut down to like a hundred. Jeez. Come on, Matt. Another thing that did come up when I was reading Malu's question was like, do you unfollow them? And I've unfollowed a couple of people just because I started seeing the replies being like just super kind of negative. And like, you kind of got to have a morality aspect to it. as well to Twitter. I wouldn't, like, don't lose your sanity over just trying to grow your page. Don't lose your sanity over just trying to grow engagement on a reply. If you're seeing somebody just keep constantly replying negative stuff, inappropriate stuff, and then their page is totally just, like, they're not even posting as frequently as they're replying, yeah, you can unfollow them. Like, at that point, you don't need to see none of that. I think that's a very good point, you know, because we spend so much time on X, right? And if someone is pushing negativity and it's constantly on your feed, it is going to subconsciously affect you. You know, even though you might be a strong character or whatever, it is still going to subconsciously affect you. I remember in the NFT days when projects weren't doing good, it was like always plastered all over the timeline. And there was always specific people that were quote unquote my you know my friends in the community and they're like complaining and complaining it's just like exhausting especially when you're someone who's trying to like pump the vibes you know you're trying to make things although it's a bear market you're trying to be that guy who's uh trying to get people through it rather than like push that negative energy out to others and like drag them down with you kind of vibe so i think yeah it's very important to have the balance and yeah if you have to unfollow you have to unfollow and and and not see that shit makes a lot of sense exactly the unfollow button is free so I was meeting people I wouldn't block anybody because that's not even going to be a thing unfollow button is free yeah I think those I think they they're just virality bro because they're There's some... Do you get this, Klaus? Do you get these, like, super viral tweets that are, like, of people shooting each other and killing each other? And I think everyone sees them, though, because those accounts are just super viral. It's like you can't avoid them. It's messed up. Yeah, Twitter... I think Twitter, at times, it does push that. That's why people complained about it. Yeah, because I've seen people getting hit by trains. I'm like, bro, what the... Yeah. where is this coming from? And I was telling friends and they're like bro what? And like yo I kind of seen something else on my end though so it's kind of like I think it's Twitter's thing you can't avoid it but you can also just do your best to kind of just stick to your own niche and kind of just keep your page flowing that way if you even do see that there's always these three buttons right here exactly like not interested yeah not interested or don't want to see for this person no more so you can use that it comes in handy big time it helps curate your page I That's what happened with me. I was on my page. I started seeing like a bunch of OnlyFans things from the whole Ansem thing and all the other people who are starting. Ansem Angels. Yeah. Yeah. I started clicking not interested because let's be real. There's going to be a lot of thirst traps on the timeline as guys or whoever. It kind of does distract or bother. As simple as clicking these three dots and clicking not interested. Curate your feed. Have your mindset straight. And let's get straight to cooking the brand. Yeah, that's super important. Okay. Because I didn't go over much about the Twitter and everything like that, but I would like to see, let's get an example of a post, right? What's kind of one post at least you guys that stuck out? Here. Oh, go. Clouds, before we get into it, do you want to kind of go through kind of our strategy for like what we post? Yeah, yeah. Okay, we can go over strategy. So, when it comes to strategy and our posting clearly we're not going to be posting anything super degenerate we're clearly attached to jupiter but we do want to have a little touch of those people who are here right now and even myself and that's how i was before even joining uplink so we wanted to tap into the community where It wasn't there already. So, you know, there was Joop now. There was the Joop Twitter. And there wasn't somebody hyping up Joop besides the replies. I wouldn't say there was an account that was hyping it up besides personal people like myself. So we're like, let's grab that attention from those people. I clearly have their attention as well right now because I'm bullish on Joop. They're bullish on Joop. They want to talk about uh the funny memes the inappropriate meow flicking off the screen that's super hilarious like no other account on jupiter showing that off no other account showing off the fun aspect the meme aspect let's do that all right we're uplink we're gonna do all this content we're gonna just a touch of dj yeah a touch of dj not too overboard but we wanted to make it fun uh relatable that's that's the big name i wanted to or big word that i wanted to come up with you want to be relatable to the people the culture and just the community of the jupiter you kind of we wanted to have that relatable aspect instead of just being super oh we're jupiter uplink we make content here's this video about this product here's this video about this product here's a video of us interviewing so and so yeah that's stiff That's stiff, man. He's trying to show off too much professionalism in a space where there's people and attention that wants to rely on a little bit of fun. And we kind of wanted to reach out with him. To give some background to that, that was kind of the niche we identified within. Because obviously our universe is Jupiter. We were like, trying to find our niche and like what value we can add. And like, that is so key for all accounts to grow. Like you need to find something that you can excel at, do well that someone else is not already doing. So that was kind of our niche. We identified that and you know, that's, that's kind of our approach and how we approached it. So yeah, just background there. Exactly. How would you hit the hit on the spot? We just literally found the kind of niche for us and the kind of ways of going about it for us that made more sense. And that's what makes simple tweets like this kind of go well. Like, yeah, it's officially been one whole week since the Jupiter mobile app. This is a tweet that I literally made like for my own page. And I was like, you know what? let me use this already for the hype of what's behind the uplink Twitter. It's probably going to get more recognition just because we're attached to Jupyter. We have Jupyter in our name. And it just did phenomenal. We get more engagement than we do followers. And that's kind of like-- what we're kind of figuring out next is like, OK, now how do we translate it? But we're not going to do that. But for now, simple tweets like this, we're attached to it, kind of bringing in questions, bringing in the community. I don't, Jupiter hasn't even really asked people for feedback unless it's from Meowth's Twitter. But we wanted to make it to where we're involving the community, something new that came out, super hype behind it. And we wanted to add our own little marketing to the mobile, be more hype with it. And another thing while I'm at this tweet right now is actually adding an image. This is super beneficial if you're even just tweeting because you can simply just put this so-and-so, how do you feel about it? And it would have just probably flopped. People like visuals, right? Where we kind of see this. We see this picture. It also matters on the picture. I might get a little bit too advanced or think too much, but just kind of go along with it. You know, it does matter on the picture. So for me, I wanted to make sure to get a screenshot of the app when you first open it as a new user. as a like a new person that downloaded and boom that's what you first see when you first download the mobile app first create a wallet and is that i could just simply screenshot it with the balance in it with money or just even the loading screen with the cat but i was like now let me actually show how it looks when you enter the wallet kind of give it more of that oh that's cool you can have instant deposit receive tokens so so kind of gives you that fresh new open wallet so kind of a little bit more thinking too hard too hard into it but it does help you got to get a good screenshot yeah picture make sure it's not blurred and one one thing i've learned too from this is like you want to invoke comments like algorithm loves when our people are commenting on your post and will spread it to other people that might not have seen your post so like if you can invoke comments to your post like just saying how do you feel about it adds just so much value to the engagement that's big facts what what would be some tips on how to get the conversation happening in the comments section that you guys have like seen working or you think could work for me yeah i would i would kind of think about the question that you're asking to begin with is like Is the question make sense to the post? Is it a long-ass question? Am I going to give up reading the question after a couple words? That's why you got to make it very simple. Everything has to be so simple. Everybody has their time. Their time is important. If you're scrolling the feed, you know how fast things pass along. And if it's simple, straight in your face, quick. It doesn't take them that much time out of their day to read it nor reply to it. That's a banger right there. It also depends on the question. It is hard sometimes to get a good question to invoke replies, but yeah, you learn as you go. But you, OG, I know you're kind of more newer to it, so you probably have a better insight of like a fresh, like kind of learning about it and looking at it. I think just like finding something that, you know, people are excited about and want to talk about. Like, that's the main thing. Like, if you just post something random and like it's not people don't really care about it, they're not going to comment. Right, but this was like a huge type to release. So, like, asking people their thoughts and it also helps that me out too is like always asking people for feedback and stuff. So people feel like they're. No, their comments will get seen and whatnot. So. Just like finding stuff like that where people want to talk about it and then just like inviting them to talk about it via a post. Exactly. It has to have some hype behind it. If you're asking a question about something that's probably not even hyped up or nothing like that, it's probably going to be a trash post and I'll probably cook you up. Yeah. Yeah, make sure it makes sense. Make sure it has hype behind it. Make sure it even has something that already has the intent to interact with it. And then boom, it should do well. Cool. Anything more you want to go on Uplink Twitter? I think maybe we can transition after this if you're done. If not, we can keep going through it. But after, go to the Jupin Juice Twitter and kind of roast theirs. Yeah, I mean, I think for our account, we kind of went over the summary and the mindset behind it. Posting people's good content as well is what we do. We post content. Don't want to have we're the content mafia. And then we're only posting the generous stuff. Like now we actually got to post content as well from... from what we see what's good even though it can't just be memes it's clearly going to be sometimes product videos or me talking about something that's launching with jupiter it's more relevant and uh yeah just stick to what your pages is about okay that's right yeah i agree good office I haven't really spoken much about replies, but again, just simple replies. Make sure they make sense. You can even add images to the replies. It's the same thing as posting on your main Twitter. You can add a meme. Make sure the meme's not cringe. If it's cringe, it's going to not get interaction. Make sure you actually put effort into thinking about the reply and the image you're attaching to the reply and make it make sense. So that's just a quick one about the replies. Mm-hmm. um yeah next up go ahead what was i gonna say uh what about retweeting and quote tweeting right this i've heard this theory that it hurts your account is that true or do you does that ring true to you or not what's your opinion on that oh perfect perfect you caught that off totally forgot about that i would personally not retweet like crazy don't retweet where your page is just drowned with other people's posts and not your own um it's totally going to distract Followers that you have and also for you it doesn't look good on your on yourself You're probably just you're just kind of stealing other people's content in a way It's not stealing but it's more of like being lazy and not even trying to show off your own stuff You kind of got to be your own hype man, and when it comes to quote retweets, I'm kind of against them I have not already do them as much just because every time I've have they've probably never really done too well, so I'd kind of learn to experiment and get away from them and you kind of just figure it out on your own profile how it works but me personally I don't really like them uh you see other people's do well that doesn't mean yours are going to do well so kind of just figure it out for yourself if you're seeing that they're not doing good for you stay away from them and just kind of interact your reply might get better engagement than you co-retweeting it anyways For me, I never quote retweet, but I retweet to, like, amplify other people's content, right? It's like I'm trying to show support by retweeting what they... But I do get what you're saying. My feed could look like an absolute mess at times. And so... Could you retweet and then like, you know, a few hours later, once you've helped them out, just go and un-retweet it or whatever, or a day later or whatever. Because obviously all these tweets, they eventually lose steam anyway, right? So you've done your bit to like amplify it and then you can just like clean up your feed by un-retweeting. That's a perfect method. Just support people. Don't be too stingy with your retweets or likes. You go, you know, support them. Don't be too stingy with it as well. Kind of support them. And then after a while, you can... if it's too much on your page and yeah just unretweet it and then go along with posting your tweets so that's a good compromise I suppose yeah shall we look at the Jupe & Juice page and don't hold back bro tell us you know tell us all the bad stuff about it because I think that's what's going to help us the most it should be right here perfect okay so Jupe & Juice podcast Jupe & Juice podcast y'all had some good growth since last time i've seen or like 800 like a few days ago yeah we've been yeah i think the animation video uh really did bits for us to be fair man we got like as soon as we put that out we got like 100 followers like in the first hour or something i think animations threads and the videos that pop off are like our our right now and yours ai uh visuals are really really cool too um like y'all can definitely leverage that stuff as well. This is AI right? Or is it not? No, it's AI. That's AI. This is crazy bro. This goes hard. Wait, check the thread image. Click just below. What do you mean by before threading meme coins? Well, let's let him review the page. So what would you say about the bio? What would you say about this bio? Is this good? Is this bad? Or what would you change? Or how would you see it? I see it as a... I'd probably... Not tag. You could probably just tag Jupiter at that point. I don't know if... You don't have to leave two tags. I think freshly squeezed vibes for Jupiter. Boom. Good. Good. Simple. Simple like that. And easy. You could probably just add like... Podcast or... Or... Yeah, because when I look at this, first of all, I'm going to stray away from the bio just because I noticed something else more. But I think you guys need to get like a sick logo, like of a juice box. Yeah, well, yesterday we did a – well, last four weeks now we've had a bounty open. And so yesterday we had a show where we showcased all the submissions. I think we had about 30. 25 or 30 submissions. So there's a thread, well, not a thread, there's going to be a tweet after this show with the five finalists for the community to vote on those submissions. on those logos that made it through out of like the 30 or whatever that was. That would be game-changing for you guys' profile because yeah after that, other than that, yeah it's simple. It's not really too complex for the profile, it's easy. Since when you guys are going to have a new logo it is probably going to be important to put like podcast something or like something related to that in the bio just so it makes sense to know what the hell Jupe & Juice is. And yeah other than that you guys it looks pretty good the ratio is really good the bio simple the banner sick the logo is just gonna game this would be a game changer for you nice and uh he's wanted to look at uh oh you guys want me to look at a tweet yes uh wake was saying about this image right here oh this one here yeah i like that image you guys kill it with the ai bro sweet yeah now now one thing i would stick with is like oh this is a thread yeah okay yeah look it i think you guys killed it with the images. You just left out so many other ones that were nothing. And it kind of just, like if I'm scrolling. I've read some errors, like no more than four images. Or is that cooked? I personally would try it out with just like images on images, just because why not? But also make sure the thread is not fully just text, text, text, and then text, text, text. So would you say accompany the image with the text? rather than all these separate sections. Yeah, yeah, because it kind of just kills the momentum, I feel like. You have this sick-ass picture right here, we're down, Ape Pro's out, we're on overexcited, boom. That could have used an ape logo or something. Yeah, now you write more images, more images. Yeah, because you're building a storyline as well. That's really what the thread is too. It's like a storyline. You don't want to just kill off the super... And the images are sweet too. Yeah, these are super cool. I would keep the same... Rhythm, you guys are building this brand out. Keep the same pattern. If you guys like this colorway, keep the same colorway. If you want to change it... Yeah, if this is your guys' signature colorway, keep it on every single post. Every single AI one too. This is you guys. And it's going to be noticeable on the timeline when they see the black and white, the sort of like vintage, sick, old school style, boom, smoke, or however you guys want to have it. That's going to be you guys on the timeline all the time. They're going to see it, like it. Oh, that's Jupe and Juice. Yeah, I would say just keep that. This is sick. So you're saying uniformity, like keep that uniformed look and so people can recognize it instantly when they see an image just by the colorway itself and the way it's like stylized, let's say. Yeah, because let's say, for example, this tweet blew up, right? To like freaking 100k views or however much. And then you change up the style of the next post and it's like, well, they're not going to know that was you that cooked because now you build up this audience that they seem more more popular post and then you straight away from your own branding and it's just like well it doesn't kind of relate so stick to this if it if it does really well for you guys i personally like it i think you guys are comfortable with how sick it looks as well and you're gonna like every other post that is gonna come out like this just you know you're with your own twist See, that's what I was trying to do with the video edits, right? And there was one specific one that we tried it with and put it out. We put out some, and then we asked for feedback on it as well. We'll probably come across it on the page. It's probably our best video short thus far. But we put out so many that it's, I think it was like a week ago, maybe two weeks ago. That's the animation. I like this one. Make sure you guys keep updated with the highlights too. So it makes it easier for you to find your own good concert that you want highlighted. As well as the people. If I'm here to look, I try to find one. Yeah, that's the video I was talking about. See, on desktop it looks very different. It was made for a mobile view. So someone who's scrolling doesn't have to click into the video. They can see pretty much everything they need to see from the window. Right. And then if you do have to click because you're on 16 by 9 or you're more interested, you get the extra visuals around the outside and stuff. But the feedback we got, it was a bit too much. There's just too much going on. Because this video is probably not the best one for this kind of style because Wake's talking about informative educational stuff and where there's loads going on. There's animations. There's assets coming in and out of the screen. There's transitions. It's it is it's aggressive in that sense but the layout the format is what was like really what we were trying to focus on more yeah i mean the format does matter a lot with twitter because this video could probably do well like formatted on tiktok or youtube but i i even for me like i don't do this anymore where it's like full phone version like where it's like up and down like i started let me just see if i can even show you how i started formatting them but um like this one right here like it's just it's just a one-one ratio yeah because it works for twitter yeah it's super crucial to keep it that way because they don't have to click on it yeah nobody clicks on it like that like if we're all being real we kind of just scroll click on the volume button and listen from there if it interests us we watch it if it's not keep scrolling I think it's not only that because I like this way better than this right here just because it takes up more of your screen as well. If you're on the feed, this big-ass block right here, you're going to be like, I can't even see any other tweet besides this one now. It kind of gravitates that attention as well. So just keep that in mind. Yeah, so the one-by-one aspect ratio is best for mobile and for desktop on X for sure. Yeah, check Sax's because Sax actually gets banger engagement and he don't tweet at all. My follower count ratio isn't great to be fair. This is like a perfect example of like what the hell. Yeah, I need to fix that. And I've been fixing that for a very long time. It was way closer, you know, but I've just been, like you said, only do 10, 15 a day and, you know, I forget for weeks and then I do some and then I forget again and do some. So it's going down very slowly, but it is going down a bit, you know. Yeah, it's going to take some time, especially if you're hearing this and you're kind of learning yourself. It's definitely going to take some time. Other than that, your profile is fucking sick because it's AI. You're like an AI master or something like that. Boom, that could be something you add in your bio. Yeah. yeah actually do that yeah ai wizard uh ai yeah because whatever say like even with the the the bio right like that's like i mentioned you don't always have to add in what you do or who you who you are because like it's jupiter's working group boom jupiter cock all that stuff can get binned off yeah I need to change it but it used to be a lot it used to be a massive paragraph I got it down to this so now I'm going to reduce it again it's like it's like I'm weaning off the bad bad stuff I do on it slowly slowly day by day we find one thing to like yeah to change you're learning but simple as like jupin juice working group slash AI wizard or something like that and then yeah and then you can tag the jupenduce account there too it doesn't yeah doesn't hurt so yeah in all caps as well that's triggering me do it all in caps yeah look at your thing in your bio jupenduce locators like jupenduce No, it's higher. Below it, the back. Yeah, if you click on the juice. Oh, the blue one. Oh, yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah, it should be in caps. Yeah, yeah, that's my bad. Yeah. Okay, fair enough. You do as you please, whatever you want on your bio for sure. Yeah, he's right. But you can do that as a level up as well. Yeah. Because even even your page is pretty like it's a well balanced i'm not going to say you're retweeting too much you're doing a good balance between trying to show support to People who are probably editing or showing off the videos boom you're retweeting the jupin juice because clearly you guys are that's your guys's game I don't know what this is about. I retweet a lot of Garza stuff, so it's like probably explicit stuff. Really quickly, can you go, this is one of my favorite clips. This one, it's like the NFT, this one. I think this is a really plugged in short. Let me know what you think of this. He just screen grabbed the episode and then made it like during us being live. Okay, so it's hard to figure out if it's like the one-on-one thing, but yeah, it works here. Yeah. Let me know if you can hear it. Yeah, we can. Yeah. Yeah. Make NFTs great again, boys. I want to hear the words. Sweep the floor one more time, baby. You think it's funny to take screenshots of people's NFTs, huh? Property theft is a joke to you. I'll have you know that the blockchain doesn't lie. I own it. Even if you save it, it's my property. You are mad that you don't own the art that I own. Delete that screenshot. Make NFTs great. Thank you, dude. I would say that effect is a little too harsh but it's a freaking banger and a bit too long too, a bit too long, a bit too harsh but it's like yeah it's very plugged but that's the editing lesson but other than that it's a banger Yeah, I love the, I want to hear Sweep the Floor one more time. Yes, run that one again. I want to hear the words Sweep the Floor one more time, baby. You think it's funny? That goes hard. I like the music, the anticipation. I would just, yeah, I mean, that could be a whole other workshop is the whole content, like editing style. But other than that, this is a banger, dude. He really could run that, Satch. Let him know. Let him know that that was a good one. Is Sashville's all-the-count or something? No, that's one of Sax's friends. Sax has like a... No, no, no, it's Satchel. Satchel's friend, Satchel's friend. Yeah. Satchel has a fan club. He's actually famous, you know, Satchel. He's famous in Lebanon. Yeah, he can't walk down the streets without people saying, yo, Satchel. He's always naked as well, which is pretty, pretty sus, but... Is that why he's famous? I think so. That's it. That's the Satchel. That's why they call him Satchel. That is the Satchel. That is the Satchel. They refer to it as the satchel. That's it. Yeah, so we get some community questions. I mean, before we do that, let's just review what you spoke about because you've touched on quite a lot. And I hope everyone in the crowd who's watching on X was taking their notes because there was some very good, good stuff here that we had covered. But the summary in, let's start from the beginning, was... Wake, go on. Do you want to summarize? No? Wakes left the chat. I do want to point out, too, I think, I know we've talked about this, too. I want to hear your thoughts, Clouds, but I think Jupe & Juice's, like, kind of niche that they can excel at is the clips from their Jupe & Juice episodes where they have all of these guests that, you know, typically aren't on podcasts, I would say. Like, having Nam on and, like, Solana Sensei, just like doing short clips of those, I think is like a good way to kind of scaffold up on growing their account. Yeah, you guys have already good guests that could ramp up some more hype and engagement. I think even recycling a bit of it wouldn't even hurt you guys as long as you're kind of experimenting with how it'll do on Twitter. So yeah. leverage that to your advantage post more about it recycle it if you need to be doing so um try different editing styles with that same sort of topic or video and easy what am i summing up sex sorry i went for a week what we discussed so far bro well you discussed so far all right ladies start to the end i know you're taking notes start to the end yeah all right we've talked about tailoring your feed We've talked about not being a simp and following 20k people, even though you have two followers. We've talked about curating your feed and reply going to people in crypto that will cause your feed to show crypto related content rather than other stuff. We've talked about minimizing your bios. People don't really care what you're doing. They want to know who you are in a short, brandable tagline. We have talked about a lot, bruh. Highlighting your content so you can, you know, it works for us, but it also works for someone who visits your page. Yeah. Not too many retweets. Quote tweets don't really work. I mean, you can try them out, but it's not really, it's almost like stealing other people's content. It's better to actually focus on your own content. Also go out with the mindset of looking for the content, right? Go out. It's like the red car theory, right? You know, when you want to buy a new car and you just start seeing them everywhere. right everyone's had that experience that's wanted to buy a car and so it's like because you start looking for them right but before that you never even used to notice them on the streets and parked up and everywhere you was going and so go out with the same mindset looking for the content that you're going to put out there on your ex or on you know like in an edited form in a text form a screenshot from whatever form it is go out there with the mindset that i'm looking for content where is it oh you know watching a planish call watching a juke and juice whatever it may be the content is there it's just for you to i'd identify it and then package it and get it out there right um and then also uh on on that note yeah stick to stick like if you find a niche a brandable visual niche stick to it so like a pfp stick to pfp don't change it too much Branding, right. Yeah. Yeah, so don't be changing your PFP left, right and center because then people won't recognize you on the feed. And it's happened to us. We know people when they change their PFP. Even Klaus, when you change your PFP from the D-God to the, was it Milady? Sorry, Retardio. And so it was like, even with you, someone who's got such a large account and is notable... It's like you got lost in, in my feed where when I realized it was you, that's when I realized, Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. It is clouds. And so it can happen to anyone. And especially if you're starting up early, it's better to be consistent. And not only that, try to be consistent across platforms. So if you're using that PFP and that name on X, use that on your discord, use that on your telegram, make it like universal. That's your name. That's your brand. That's your identity. Like hone in on that. Uh, And then also when you put out content, for example, like the thread we put out yesterday about the meme coin stuff, what you need to know, it's got a specific look to it. Carry that look to your next thread and your next thread and your next thread. If you identify success in it, so that can create recognition because someone will see you. You put out a similar image or similar product, whatever it may be, and they'll be like, oh, yeah, that's from so-and-so. You know, that's from Sax or that's from Wake. That's from OG. Let me have a look at that. What's this one about? Because the other one was so good. And so you keep that consistency. That's important as well. Blue ticks help. That's another thing that we discussed, right? The blue tick... How do you think blue ticks, because you've got premium, then you've got the higher level, and then you've got the higher level. How do you think those play out? Are you on the top premium, or are you just on the normal premium? How does that play out? How do you perceive that whole situation? I mean, I'm on the top one just because, you know, why not for me? But also, I take it more serious to go more into the personal branding of it. So why not? It's also investing in yourself. Probably not even like too crazy expensive. But when it comes to the tiers, I don't think it really matters. I think as long as you have the check, you're verified. I think that's what they're kind of laying their eyes on now, especially with the new content sort of post that x had made recently where it's like oh verified accounts are going to get more like pushed now more highlighted instead of other accounts that pretty much don't have it and like get paid more and so and so so just get verified doesn't matter which tier i think i think as long as you're verified if you feel that you want to upgrade do your upgrading investing yourself it's fine So at the very least, just get the most basic verified. Just get your blue tick at the very least. That's going to help you. Don't worry about the different tiers. Just get the blue tick. Fair enough. I think that summarizes what we've touched on, no? Yeah. Did we miss anything? No, I think you're good. I was just going to open it up for questions. I brought them all up. If you have something specific or just wanted to... Of course, if Piles is up here, I got to take his brain. Say you're trying the best way to curate content for X. Do you choose a specific niche and stick to it? I'm looking to do like memes and short videos for the Solana ecosystem and right now like curated towards Zoop but like I'm also like a degenerate like you and so I don't know if I should be doing like the meme coins and the you know degen coin flips or whatever does that hurt my brand or should I just stick to just informative like hey this is what's going on in the ecosystem and then The second part is, do I need to change my PFP? Do I need like a banger banger or is this all right? - The second question is easier for right now is to say, you think your PFP is on, if that's what you want people to look at you as or if that's how you see yourself, like a gecko. I think it's fire. The colorway is perfect 'cause it sticks out. That's another little small thing for everybody. Like colors matter big time. I'm sure there's some color psychology behind Africa, what it's called, but there's colors that mean different things for your brain to kind of pick up on. And I think if you find the right colorway for yourself, it's comfortable for you. People are going to see it the same way as you might see yourself. So I think your PFP is fire brother, unless you want to change it yourself. If you're still early on, it's probably easier for you to keep changing. But if you don't have an audience yet, you're still free to experiment and see which PFP, you know what, I'm sticking to this one. Or you know what, I support this one because they have a community behind it. And if they see me on their feed, they might show me love just because I'm a gecko. And that's what kind of sucks. I don't think I get that. yeah community involvement from the geckos but i mean i do have one and i mean i've had it for like four or five months now um but i didn't know if if you would suggest a certain you know like with the branding i guess i have i guess the way i thought about it was if i'm going to do these like short videos and like about the ecosystem like gecko the gecko brand kind of stands for that i feel uh versus like like Yours really, like you have that degenerate, like hints of degeneracy in your videos, like the hype music, the hype videos, you know, that... uh i feel like your pfd suits really well with and i don't know if mine uh if i should change it and that but it's good it's good i mean it's good to hear that it it works so yeah yeah no brother it's up to you to curate your how you want people to see your your kind of pfp because we see malou now on the come up uh we're gonna just see your content in your posts and that's gonna be how we're gonna perceive you now you know you're gonna be like oh is that guy with that gaggle who's the only one cooking up banger jupe content you know etc etc but uh so your first question even transitioning into that one is like you know what should you keep posting degenerate stuff or just strictly clips i think it's up to whatever works for you um like for me i do i always i would do the same method i was cooking videos but i was like i'm kind of buddhist on this meme coin i'm gonna just post my journey of buying it every single day still in that process now so i'm even trying to figure that out myself you know like should i just because i kind of want to be posting these new meme coins that i like to join in but also don't know because it might not be perceived well it might not cook as as I think it would like other people's and sometimes we all get that idea like oh this person's doing really good doing that let me try it and then it performs poorly so I guess kind of experiment still you're still you know early on in stage so I would I would still do your thing with content clearly that's going to keep kick-starting your your your journey but you can also just transition to other content as well it doesn't have to be on one inch of just jupiter to be something else with you know bonkers bitcoins popk anything that's cooking just do what you need to do and make content on what's popular already it's easier all right Touch on the color psychology, right? I've got the chart up here and yours is pretty much red and orange. And what that portrays, the red portrays passion, excitement, energy and confidence. And the red is success, enthusiasm, warmth and determination. I think that actually that does actually describe you, which is pretty cool. Yeah, thank you. A lot of people sleep on the color patterns of how things work with the mind. And it's kind of something that you should probably try to learn into as well. Even if you have a favorite color, figure out why that's your favorite color. it goes well with the branding. That's what that could work out to. I used to be green and orange all the time. And I was like, you know what? I like sticking to those two colors, but it depends. Some colors might get in the mix, but if you keep it to that, those main colors that you want yourself, it can be okay. Appreciate it. I think, too, with PFPs, it definitely helps if you have, like, something contrasting, like, from the background versus the actual PFP. It just makes it stick out a lot better. Yeah. In my opinion, like, a good example of this is Small Cat. The blue background with the black face is just, like, super contrasting. And it's, like, you immediately know who it is when you scroll past it. My actual PFP is actually a horrible example of this, but we let it ride anyways. Yeah, so that's a good point, though. You make sure you have a PFP that does stick out, not just because it's an NFT project, but also make sure it contrasts as well. Background color is going to go well with your banner, and that background color is probably going to be used more importantly on all your posts as well. So if you're making graphics, like, hey, I want to make this go to... So let's say Marlowe makes a lot of graphic posts now, he's definitely going to have to implement the back orange, red orange into every graphic now just so it makes sense. And he could even go the extra step to put it, keep the same pattern with the text of his edits. So same colorway and everything. You don't want to change the, like I know he's an experimenter right now, which is perfect. So keep experimenting, figure out what text, figure out what color text you want to stick with. Make sure it kind of resembles your account and you and your page. So that, so this, the first video is actually like one of the first videos I, like the first two weeks I started experimenting and then I went to, I did your workshop or whatever it was before. And then it just upped my game. And so if you like, It's gotten so much better. It's funny because I love this shout out from Meow and Cack, the big bloomy kisses and stuff. And I'm like, I need to redo. I hate pinning this one, but it's just such an iconic thing for me. But the video sucks, but if you go through the current ones now, they're so much better than what this was. nah bro that's amazing you're gonna get better ones and then you can always end it again that's a good video bro them just getting like sending the kisses it's your page bro they show you love so it's good to have the proof right there that's it alright Ella what you got oh hello Ella Ella Ella Ella hey hey I'm a grandma I'm a Ella oh yep GM GM GM GM GM Okay, I just wanted to ask, like, for a startup account, what's an okay amount of times to post weekly? I'd say for a very, very new startup account, focus on probably just post. You can try to test out two every other day but i would focus on replying i think very very new accounts there's nobody gonna watch your account so it's better to just reply to to other accounts and get your name in the mix of the conversations so i would focus on posting i would focus on replying instead and following new accounts and just stick to replying to people and then after that you kind of go with the you figure out a strategy on what you even want to post to begin with okay okay thank you yeah how many how many reply reply guys then would you recommend for someone like them as a new new person yeah i would say just the the more of the big head edit people in the community spacer like even a meow cash uh even you and you guys they can start off by just the basics of the community that they're in right now so everybody in here you already have a good start everybody in here can just like and reply to everybody's tweets in here that's already a good entry way to start trying to get get more followers give more of a of a name for yourself a lot of people in the audience i might have seen you on my twitter before i may have not but i hope after this i do and that's going to be for maybe a part two of the workshop and we'll be like hey bro literally everything that we talked about implemented changed my whole perspective and i'm like dude i didn't even know you were in that uh workshop the first time but it's crazy to know that you were and you took the steps consistency and now i see you up here with me and your page is growing that's it thanks sir So there's this opinion that you should do 50 posts a day to get into the algorithm. Have you heard this? No, never heard that before. But I think reply guys count. Yeah. Reply guys count as well. I'll get time for them. Reply guys are so much easier. If anything, your engagement on replying can get 10 times more than just five of your posts. And if you're new, nobody cares what you post to begin with. So you got to make them... kind of just be cool with you i guess connect with them on a level of replying yeah i think everybody in the discord bro and everybody in the discord right now can just keep uh helping each other out so that's that easy so ella we need you to post 350 replies a week it's insane i don't even know if i do that much okay who's next it's dnextg.so Hi guys, well I just want to thank you for your interest and kind of feel more inspired and more educated right now about some of my posts. Dnxg, is everyone hearing the same sound quality as me right? Dnxg, it sounds like you're under water and it's quite ironic because your face of your pee pee is a fish. You're literally on the world. Hi guys, you hear me now? Oh, that's me. Yeah, yeah, now you understand me. Let's go. Thank you for your updates and I kind of feel a little bit more educated right now about some of my posts on X. So I just have just one question right now. Why is it that my Twitter gets locked up? Most times after maybe some post I have made, then I just find out in the next two, three hours it gets locked. Is that common on all X or is it because of some of my posts? Am I doing something wrong? It probably is your posts. I mean, I don't think Twitter would target you if you weren't. If you were just being on your normal day-to-day on crypto or whatever you're doing on your page. I'd say it probably does have to do with what you're posting or guidelines or even replying to people in some sort of way. I don't really know the specifics, but you wouldn't be targeted for no reason. Okay. Actually, my Twitter page is the same thing as The Next G. Maybe you can have a look. Then I think I'll have to reduce the number of retweets I do and replies I do from some of the things I do. from some of the explanations you've made and thank you very much i appreciate that yeah yeah no of course of course yeah sometimes if you're doing too much or something it does hurt you like i said if you're just retweeting 20 posts in a minute or like just replying to people like non-stop or using crazy hashtags uh which is another little small nugget don't ever use hashtags they just don't ever do well twitter doesn't even like them themselves and uh yeah so stay away from that it depends if you're retweeting make sure things are not scamming because you could be targeted i just looked at your page right now it's a lot of gambling retweets uh giveaways stuff like that and that's yeah and a lot of of that that that might be flagged as uh we scamming yeah you're you're in you're interacting with okay okay thanks all right yeah roger that roger that sir I have a question too if nobody's gonna come up and ask anything. Yeah, go for it. I've noticed a lot of people, well, they're trying to grow their Twitter. Like somebody who posts stuff about, for example, grinding airdrops and then he posts something about if you do this, do this, you get one soul. And these posts usually gets a lot of attention and this page gets a lot of attention. This guy clearly changed the path of what he's building on Twitter. So from someone who's posting instructions how to use new blockchains, new ecosystems, to someone who's offering giveaways. This brings him a lot of engagement, a lot of followers, and a lot of attention. But is this hurting him or is that something we can do? yeah i'd say it is it does hurt to some extent just because like you guys might experience it hopefully after this whole journey is when you start getting that attention it starts getting addicting and you start getting like it's just like you don't want to lose that feeling like you love it for some reason you get all this attention you know this likes it becomes a dopamine addiction so then people start to stray away from what even got them there and they wanted they found a different method which is giveaways and so and so. It also depends on which if your page wants to continue to provide value rather than just giveaways. And you never know if they're real or fake. If you're giving away money almost every single day, I mean, I hope you're a good human and that's real. But sometimes they just do it for engagement and you're going to see a lot of people do things strictly only for that dopamine rush for themselves instead of for the timeline. So kind of just notice those things. It's a lot of fake uh just people who want to do i would say something like that is like low value yeah yeah it may work but it's also like you what do you like bro what are you benefiting from people don't want to connect with you this is all you literally post uh so and so um i think too um or meta wanted uh i think meta wanted you to roast his twitter clouds meta yeah meta apex yeah i think i just followed him right now actually Big shout out to the 758 people watching on X and everyone who's still in the Discord, all 58 of you. You know, that's what, 800 plus people here getting clued up on the X. algorithms and content angles just basically we're up in the clouds with clouds right now we're learning bro so yeah it's a great turnout and yeah it's been very beneficial what's what we're looking at we're looking at Meta's X are we now or what was the Meta Apex I'm gonna pop it up right now just because I stopped streaming my screen but I'm trying to find his his Twitter What's your Twitter, right? Meta Apex. That's it. Okay. So let's look at this. All right. So we got Meta Apex right here. Got an okay bear. He asked a question earlier actually about does your PFP, like which one you have, like hurt your... Because I think he's talking about specifically OK Bears, right? Yeah, I don't think it matters, dude. I mean, I've had D guys. I've had, you know, still get said that I'm a D gay and stuff like that. So you're going to get insulted no matter what you say. Yeah. Like, they're going to insult you no matter what you have. Yeah. Even me looking at OK Bear brings back trauma, but hey, it's OK. Like... It's okay. You have your human aspect to it. If you really love it, keep it. If you find out that the community doesn't really back you, you're like, why am I even repping this? It's probably just because I'm coping or so and so. Feel free to change it up. If it's not working for your page right now, sometimes even changing something on your profile makes you more motivated to do something. You're like, hey, this is a fresh start. I like this. This is my new look. Let's keep going. It's like getting a new haircut or getting some new clothes. You just want to kind of kick kickstart the day and do amazing on your page and provide more value. So I'd say on that aspect for PFP, do as you please. If you want to keep building with this, it's okay. Just know if you want to keep the same colorway, if you even like it, make sure it makes sense to your whole profile. Other than that, I noticed you've reposted a lot of... Yeah, so he does this Jupe Arabic. That's his thing, like we do Jupe in Juice kind of thing. That's one thing I would say is the... since it is a different language and a whole different part of other people's page, it's going to be harder for you just because you're trying to balance two different worlds and then collide them and it's not going to work. You're combining English with Arabic, the communities are just never going to correlate together just because of the language barrier but also the timeline barrier. It's going to be hard for people to see you because you're going to be in a whole different regions, timelines, and time zone especially is important than then the time zone probably I'm in or anybody else is in right now. So your account's kind of fighting back and forth with like, all right, we don't know if we should stick to like the Arabic aspect or stick to, you know, European or American or whatever English. And it seems to be fighting back and forth. And the more you retweet, the more that's going to keep popping up on your feed. It's going to be hard for you to kind of catch up to what's actually going on in the whole cultural aspect. Not saying the Arabic community is not in the cultural aspect, but it's a huge difference. I'd admit it. Yeah, so he lives in Houston and he's trying to build an Arabic page. Brother, I'm in Houston. Yeah, like if you're in Houston, your account's fighting demons right now. It's going back and forth trying to figure out worry wants to stick to right now. How does he tackle that then? How does he build the Jupiter Arabic? This is actually a beneficial thing. Maybe we cover this on a separate section for all the people that are trying to do regional Xs. But just quickly because he is listening, I'm thinking how can he tackle that? Is it scheduled posts for their time zone and things like that? How does he do that? Not cross it over, maybe just literally interact with Arabic experts accounts big arabic accounts and stuff like that what do you think yeah yeah i think i think keeping if you're an arabic account stick to the arabic everything like don't try to cross over don't try to correlate it um even that's what i'm saying like even you retweeting it i know you're trying to show more of a awareness and probably bringing more attention to it but the audiences are just not going to collide as you'd probably think it would just because i wouldn't you know respectfully understand it. A lot of people in the community, because everybody's very versatile in here. So we all love that. That's the loving part of crypto. But it doesn't mean we're all going to understand it. And I think... What you should do is take advantage of the Arabic community who are actually here to learn and figure out what's going on by sticking and focusing only on them and only on informing them and only on helping them with information. If Jupiter comes out with a popular tweet or very trending idea or something, even like ASR, make a post about it in Arabic and only for the Arabic people who understand it. And other than that, you can keep posting your normal posts your normal post but then after that i'm going to see something arabic and it's like you know it's like doesn't kind of mix well at least you know that's a fair point i suppose that applies to all all regions in it like the spanish i think there's a there's a dupe spanish now i think there's a dupe french now as well there's a dupe indonesia there's a dupe um I think they might be a dupe Korea, I might be wrong but yeah they're popping up everywhere and so people are trying to get the good word of dupe on Nigeria and so they're trying to get the good word of dupe to everyone um but it's yeah they really you're right they really have to focus don't do the crossover thing focus on your community as like a primary uh target Exactly, yeah. Because that's how you're going to capitalize. You're focusing on bringing them into the full community and then after that, the language barrier can focus on itself. But for you, focus on the people that you're trying to gravitate to begin with instead of trying to mix them together. So use the same strategy but use it on Arabic accounts basically or Spanish accounts. Same strategies, stick to your own language, stick to your own region and it makes it less stressful for you as well and the growth will just become inevitable. Yeah. That's the alpha. Nice. Okay, so it's been an hour and a half. I think we can wrap up here. Is there any more questions from the community members? I don't think there's anyone else asking. There's no hands. Nope, there isn't any hands up. Is there any last words? Anyone wants to say anything before we wrap up? Thank you so much, Clouds and OG. And everyone who popped up on stage to ask questions, Mo, Ella, everyone. D-Next, all that. Stay locked in, boys. Stay locked in. If you want to grow, I feel there'll be another content workshop with the boys, so make sure you tune in. Hit up Uplink, hit up Clouds, hit up OG, hit up everyone on stage. And we're all working. We're all working. We can't wait to see your work too. So share it with us and we'll showcase everything that you guys are doing too, which is fun. Yeah, and I'll be checking up on everybody here in a month to see what progress you went to, if you stayed consistent, and if there was any methods that worked for you the best. Yeah, I think that would be great, actually. If we do this in a month's time, and some of these people come back with some feedback because they tried some of these methods out and how it worked for them, obviously, we'll do the same for the Jupe & Juice account. And we'll come back and we'll go over it with the experience of doing it for a month. So, yeah, I think that's a great idea. But, yeah. Thank you, guys. Thank you, guys. And you guys keep coming with this kind of new innovations and space so that we can come up with testimonies anytime soon, share up and inspire other people to get better in space. Thank you. I'm glad you said that. Yeah, I'm glad you said that because that is literally that. That's the aim, man. That's the aim for us to all grow together. That's the aim for all of us to grow together. And if we've got people like Clouds in our community and our, you know, reach, why not, you know, ask them for the help? And, you know, he's been kind enough to turn up and give us the alpha and help us all go up a level. Yeah, brother. All it takes is the people to kind of help me and push me too. Sometimes I don't want to get out of the shell and OG's been helping me too. He's been coming to me with these ideas and I'm like, yeah, dude, I'd love to do that. I'd love to help give the information. I appreciate the boys. Yeah, appreciate you, OG, as well for getting this. And yeah, we'll be back. J for J. J for J. That's it, guys. Thank you. I think OG is the only one who can end this. Peace out.